
[ Rules, Regs, & Laws [!] ]







[ note: '[ txt w [!] ]' & '~' not from urls [!] ]














[ Local Code [!] ]



~
https://www.mercercountypa.gov/localrules/civil/local.rules.of.civil.procedure.pdf 2025-10-02
1
LOCAL RULES
of the
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS OF MERCER
COUNTY, 35th JUDICIAL DISTRICT
Supplementing the
Rules of Civil Procedure
Promulgated by the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
Local Rules Committee:
Peter C. Acker, Esq., Chairman
Updated June 2025
JUDGES OF THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS OF
MERCER COUNTY, 35th JUDICIAL DISTRICT
Honorable Daniel P. Wallace, President Judge
Honorable Tedd C. Nesbit, Judge
Honorable Ronald D. Amrhein, Jr., Judge
Honorable D. Neil McEwen, Judge






2
PREFACE
The Rules of the Court of Common Pleas of Mercer County, 35th Judicial District, are
intended to supplement the Rules of Civil Procedure promulgated by the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania. The latter's system of numbering has been preserved. Each local rule
dealing with the same subject matter as one of the Rules of Civil Procedure has been
given the same number. All local rules are preceded by the letter "L" to indicate their
local character. All local rules must be read in connection with the Rules of Civil
Procedure bearing the same numbers.
3






LOCAL RULES
of the
Court of Common Pleas of Mercer County, 35th Judicial District
Supplementing the
Rules of Civil Procedure
Promulgated by the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
TABLE OF CONTENTS
BUSINESS OF COURTS
Rule L200 Attorneys
Rule L205.2(a) Filing Legal Papers With the Prothonotary
Rule L205.2(b) Cover Sheet
Rule L206.1(a) Petition. Definition. Content. Form.
Rule L206.4(c) Rule to Show Cause. Alternative Procedures
Rule L208.2(c) Motion. Statement of Applicable Authority.
Rule L208.2(d) Uncontested Motions
Rule L208.2(e) Motions Relating to Discovery
Rule L208.3(a) Motion Procedures
Rule L208.3(b) Motions Practice. Filing of Argument Court Briefs.
Rule L210 Form of Briefs
Rule L212 Pre-Trial Conference
Rule L225 Addresses and Summing Up
Rule L227.1 Post Trial Conferences
COURT MATTERS
Rule L301.1 Copies of Writings
Rule L306 Prothonotary
Rule L309 Trial and Trial List
Rule L310 Court Calendar
Rule L312 Security for Costs
Rule L315 Bills of Costs
4






Rule L316.1 Judgment by Agreement
Rule L 316.3 Striking or Opening Judgments
Rule L316.4 Judgments: Re-indexing
Rule L317 Notification. Assignment. Conference.
Rule L230.2 Termination of Inactive Cases


MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS
Rule L321 Auditors and Auditors' Reports
Rule L323 Assignees for Creditors
Rule L324 Sheriff
Rule L325 Surveyors
Rule L326 Money Paid Into Court
Rule L327 Law Library
Rule L328 Official Legal Publication
Rule L329 Pre-Trial Order
CIVIL ACTIONS AT LAW
Rule L1018.1 Notice to Defend
Rule L1028(c) Preliminary Objection
Rule L1033 Amendment
Rule L1034(a) Motion for Judgment on the Pleadings
Rule L1035.2(a) Motion for Summary Judgment
ACTION TO QUIET TITLE
Rule L1066 Form of Judgments on Order
RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE CONCILIATION PORGRAM
Rule L1147 Residential Mortgage Foreclosure Program
ARBITRATION
Rule L1301 Scope
Rule L1302 List of Arbitrators. Appointment to Board. Oath.






5
Rule L1308 Appeal. Arbitrators’ Compensation. Notice.
ACTIONS FOR PRIMARY PHYSICAL CUSTODY AND PARTIAL PHYSICAL
CUSTODY OF MINOR CHILDREN
Rule L1915.1 Office of the Custody Conciliator
Rule L1915.3 Commencement of Action. Complaint. Order
Rule L1915.4-1 Conciliator Hearings for Partial Custody
Rule L1915.4-2 Conciliator Hearings by Default. Partial Custody Order
Rule L1915.4-3 Conciliator Conference
ACTION OF DIVORCE OR ANNULMENT OF MARRIAGE
Rule L1920.51 Hearing by Court. Appointment of Master. Notice of Hearing
Rule L1920.53 Hearing of Master. Report
Rule L1920.54 Hearing by Master. Report. Related Claim
Rule L1920.55-2 Master's Report. Notice. Exceptions. Final Decree
RULES RELATING TO DOMESTIC RELATIONS MATTERS GENERALLY
Rule L1930.7 Flat Filing of Papers
Rule L1930.8 Clerk of the Domestic Relations Section
Rule L1930.9 Information to Consumer Credit Bureaus
INCAPACITATED PERSONS AS PARTIES
Rule L2056 Procedure When Incapacity of a Party Is Ascertained
UNINCORPORATED ASSOCIATIONS AS PARTIES
Rule L2152 Actions by Associations
ACTIONS FOR WRONGFUL DEATH
Rule L2205 Notice to Persons Entitled to Damages
CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT FOR MONEY
Rule L2952 Confessed Judgments






6
ENFORCEMENT OF MONEY JUDGMENTS FOR THE PAYMENT OF MONEY
Rule L3110 Execution Against Contents of Safe Deposit Box
Rule L3112 Service of the Writ Upon Garnishee, Real Property of Defendant
in Name of Third Party
Rule L3123 Debtor’s Exemption
Rule L3128 Notice of Sale Personal Property
DEPOSITIONS AND DISCOVERY
Rule L4010 Physical and Mental Examination of Persons






7
Local Rules of the Court of Common Pleas of Mercer County,
35th Judicial District
Rules of Civil Procedure
BUSINESS OF COURTS
RULE L200
ATTORNEYS
(a) During the month of January of each year, the secretary of the Bar Association
shall certify to the Prothonotary, the recorder of deeds, the register of wills, and
the clerk of the Orphans' Court Division, any change in the members of the
Mercer County Bar. Each of these officers shall retain a register of such list in his
offices.
(b) One-tenth of all arbitrators' and auditors' fees and $27.50 of each master's fee
shall be deducted there from by the Prothonotary, clerk of courts or other officer
and paid over to the treasurer of the Mercer County Bar Association. The funds
from this source shall be used by said treasurer to pay the dues of the members of
the Mercer County Bar Association in the Pennsylvania Bar Association. The
surplus, if any, remaining after the payment of said dues to the Pennsylvania Bar
Association shall be used for the general purposes of the Mercer County Bar
Association.
(c) No attorney shall be admitted as surety in any action pending in court and the
Prothonotary shall not accept any bond or surety unless by leave of court for
special cause shown.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin]
RULE L205.2(a)
FILING LEGAL PAPERS WITH THE PROTHONOTARY
All pleadings and other legal papers filed with the Prothonotary shall be prepared for flat
filing on paper 8 ½” x 11” in size and be bound by staples or similar binding.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]






8
RULE L205.2(b)
COVER SHEET
All pleadings and other legal papers filed with the Prothonotary shall contain on the face
sheet the following information: designation of the Court, date of filing, file number,
caption, title of pleading, notice to plead or other form of notice, certification where
applicable, and name, address, Supreme Court number, and telephone number of the
attorney or law firm filing the pleading upon whom papers may be served.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L206.1(a)
PETITION. DEFINITION. CONTENT. FORM.
“Petition,” as used in this chapter, shall mean an application for relief other than a motion
including:
(1) an application to open a default judgment or a judgment of non pros;
(2) a request for special relief, unless the request seeks an expedited hearing date, a
stay, or interim pre-hearing relief;
(3) a petition for civil contempt, except in a support or custody action;
(4) a motion for delay damages; and
(5) a petition for relief from a judgment by confession;
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L206.4(c)
RULE TO SHOW CAUSE. ALTERNATIVE PROCEDURES
(1) A petition seeking only the issuance of a rule to show cause shall be presented to
the Court Administrator. No advance notice of the presentation need be given to
any party. The Court Administrator shall transmit the petition to a Judge for
disposition. It shall then be transmitted promptly to the Prothonotary for filing.
(2) A rule to show cause shall be issued by the Court as of course upon petition,
pursuant to Pa.R.C.P 206.6. The rule shall direct that an answer be filed to the
petition within (20) days after service of the petition on the respondent. The
Court may, in appropriate circumstances, direct that an answer be filed within a
shorter period of time, or dispense with the necessity of filing an answer
altogether. Every petition shall have attached to it a proposed order, providing for
an evidentiary hearing. The Court on its own motion or upon request of a party






9
may require a case to be submitted on the basis of the pleadings, depositions
and/or oral argument instead of an evidentiary hearing.
(3) The petitioner shall attach to the petition a proposed order substantially in the
following form:
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS OF MERCER COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA
Plaintiff(s) :
:
vs. :
: NO. ______ --2004
Defendant(s) :
ORDER
AND NOW, this _____ day of ____________, 20__, upon consideration of the foregoing
petition, it is hereby ordered and decreed that
(1) a rule is issued upon the respondent to show cause why the petitioner is not entitled to the
relief requested;
(2) the respondent shall file an answer to the petition within twenty (20) days of service upon the
respondent;
(3) the petition shall be decided under Pa.R.C.P. 206.7;
(4) depositions shall be completed within _____ days of this date;
(5) a hearing shall be held on __________, ____________, 20__ in Courtroom ____ of the
Mercer County Courthouse at ________ a.m./p.m.;
(6) notice of the entry of this order shall be provided to all parties by the petitioner.
BY THE COURT:
___________________________
____________________ J.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L208.2(c)
MOTION. STATEMENT OF APPLICABLE AUTHORITY.
A motion shall include a brief statement of the applicable authority for the relief
requested.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






10
RULE L208.2(d)
UNCONTESTED MOTIONS
If the moving party intends to present the motion as uncontested, the motion shall include
a written consent by opposing counsel and unrepresented parties; or the motion shall
include a certification that the moving party has contacted opposing counsel and
unrepresented parties and that opposing counsel and unrepresented parties do not contest
the motion.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L208.2(e)
MOTIONS RELATING TO DISCOVERY
Any motion relating to discovery shall include a certification by the moving party that the
moving party has conferred or attempted to confer with opposing counsel and
unrepresented parties having an interest in the motion in order to resolve the matter
without court action.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L208.3(a)
MOTION PROCEDURES
(1) The scheduling of all motions or other matters will depend on whether a judge has
issued a case management order in the case pursuant to Local Rule L317(C).
(a) If a judge has not issued a case management order pursuant to Rule L317(C)
when the motion or other matter is filed, the Court Administrator shall assign
the motion or other matter to a judge on a rotating basis.
(b) If a judge has issued a case management order pursuant to Rule L317(C) prior
to the filing of the motion or other matter, the Court Administrator shall assign
the motion or other matter to the judge attached to the case by virtue of the
case management order.
[Adopted July 18, 2023, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
(2) All motions or other matters shall contain a scheduling order, a proposed order,
and a certification that notice of the hearing has been given to opposing counsel or
the opposing party. The certification shall also set forth the manner of notice






11
given. All proposed orders shall list the names of counsel of record and the party
represented by each counsel. All motions and other matters shall first be filed in
the proper row office and then delivered to the Court Administrator for
scheduling.
[Adopted July 18, 2023, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
(3) Ex parte orders in adversary proceedings
(a) Ex Parte Motions to the court in an adversary proceeding will not be
considered without prior notice of presentation to all parties with the
opportunity to be heard, except in the following cases:
(1) Motions for relief which are routinely granted as of course, on a
presumption of assent, such as motions for appointment of legal counsel
and guardians ad litem, and the like.
(2) Motions affecting the issuance of service of initial papers upon another
who is not yet subject to the jurisdiction of the court, such as applications
for substituted service, extensions of time, and the like.
(3) Motions for preliminary orders granting or scheduling a hearing thereon,
or directing process or notice to bring the opponent before the court to
answer.
(4) Motions for stay orders in license suspension appeals.
(5) Cases in which the adverse party has waived the opportunity to be heard
or has consented to the requested action.
(6) Cases in which there are special or compelling circumstances which the
court finds justifies ex parte action.
(b) Prior notice of presentation of a motion to the court shall state the date, time
and place of intended presentation and shall be accompanied by a copy of the
motion and the proposed order.
(c) In cases where an ex parte order is made, a copy of the motion and order shall
be served promptly on the opponent and on all other parties, who may file a
prompt application for reconsideration of the order.
(d) In all cases where prior notice of presentation is required under statute or rule
of court, the motion shall state that the requisite prior notice was given; the
date, time and manner of giving notice. If the right to ex parte relief is based
on the existence of special or compelling circumstances, the motion shall state
such circumstances.
(4)Scheduling of Matters
(a) Argument Court
(1) Matters for Argument Court and all other matters to be scheduled by
praecipe shall be scheduled by praecipe as set forth in subsection (b)
below.
(2) Courts for hearing arguments shall be held on the first Monday of each
month unless otherwise ordered by the court.
(3) The Prothonotary shall keep an argument docket wherein shall be set
down all cases or matters requiring argument, special examination by the












12
court, and the taking of testimony, except trials by jury and other matters
specifically regulated by Act of Assembly.
(4) All cases for argument shall be placed on the argument docket at least
thirty (30) days prior to the argument day by a praecipe as set forth in
subsection (b) below.
(5) The praecipe to the Prothonotary shall include the name of opposing
counsel, the precise nature of the matter requiring argument, and whether
the matter listed requires the taking of testimony.
(6) The Court Administrator shall give notice to all counsel that the case has
been placed on the argument list. Said notice shall contain the date upon
which argument will be held, and the nature of the matter requiring
argument. The argument list shall be published in the Mercer County Law
Journal prior to Argument Court.
(b) Scheduling by Praecipe.
(1) Matters for Argument Court and all other matters to be scheduled by
praecipe shall be scheduled by praecipe filed at the same time as the
pleading and/or matters to be heard with the Prothonotary and shall be
signed by counsel of record or an unrepresented party.
Amended November 3, 2016 – Effective January 1, 2017
(2) The praecipe shall be served promptly on all other counsel and
unrepresented parties in the case.
(3) Upon receipt of a scheduling praecipe any party may object as follows:
(a) If the objection is to an assertion in the praecipe of readiness of the
case for disposition by the court, the objection shall be made promptly
to the court in accordance with Motions Court practice with notice to
other parties.
(b) If an objection relates to any other assertion in the praecipe, the
objecting party shall promptly file a counter praecipe stating only the
matter challenged.
(4) If a party files a scheduling praecipe, knowing that the matter is not ready
for disposition by the court, or knowing that the matters certified to in the
scheduling praecipe are not true, the court may impose sanctions on the
offending party. Sanctions may include assessment of reasonable counsel
fees incurred by other parties as the result of such conduct, prohibition of
additional discovery, or other appropriate order.
(5) Form of Scheduling Praecipe: The praecipe shall identify the nature of the
matter to be scheduled, all opposing counsel, and designate any Judge who
has previously entered a ruling in the case.
(5) Preparation and Form of Orders and Decrees. Copies for Distribution.
(a) Unless otherwise directed by the court, decrees and orders requested by a
party shall be drafted by the attorney at whose instance they are to be made,
and shall be submitted to the court for approval.
(b) All proposed orders presented to the court shall list the names of all counsel of
record and shall indicate the party represented by each.






13
(c) The proposed order and any accompanying documents shall be transmitted by
the parties to the Court Administrator for scheduling. The order and
documents shall then be filed in the proper office.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin. Amended September 8, 2014, effective 30 days after publication in the
Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L208.3(b)
MOTIONS PRACTICE. FILING OF ARGUMENT COURT BRIEFS
(1) When a moving party files a scheduling praecipe for Argument Court, the
moving party’s brief shall be filed with the Court Administrator at the time the
scheduling praecipe is presented, and the moving party shall serve copies of
the brief on opposing counsel and unrepresented parties. All other parties
shall file with the Court Administrator a brief within fifteen (15) days after
service.
(2) When a non-moving party files a scheduling praecipe, the moving party shall
file with the Court Administrator and with all other parties a brief within
fifteen (15) days after filing of the praecipe. All other parties shall file with
the Court Administrator and all other parties a brief within ten (10) days of
receipt of the moving party’s brief.
(3) If a party’s brief is not timely filed, the court may, in its discretion:
(a) Disregard any untimely brief;
(b) Refuse oral argument by the offending party;
(c) Consider the issues raised by the offending party to be waived;
(d) Order argument continued;
(e) Enter such other order as the interests of justice may require.






14
RULE L210
FORM OF BRIEFS
Briefs shall be in the form prescribed by Pennsylvania Rule of Civil Procedure 210, and
shall consist of concise and summary statements, separately and distinctly titled, of the
following items in the order listed:
(1) Matter before the Court: State the particular pleading (motion, petition,
objection, exception, application, etc.) before the court for disposition, and the
particular relief requested therein.
(2) Statement of the question(s) involved: State the issue(s) in question form
containing factual context sufficient to present the precise matter to be decided by
the Court; each susceptible of a yes or no answer; each followed by the answer
advocated.
(3) Facts: State the material facts.
(4) Argument: State the reason(s) why the court should answer the questions
involved as proposed, including proper citation of authorities.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L212
PRE-TRIAL CONFERENCE
(a) All civil actions at law and in equity, both jury and non-jury, excluding those
within the jurisdictional limits of compulsory arbitration and not appealed, and
actions of divorce or annulment shall be pretried unless dispensed with by special
order as unnecessary.
No other civil action need be pretried unless required by special order of this
court.
(b) Any and all admissions of fact or documents, amendments to pleadings,
agreements of counsel and any other matters resolved or determined by the court
at the pre-trial conference shall be made into an order by the court and made a
part of the record.
(c) At the pre-trial conference, each counsel of record representing a party to the
action shall present to the court, and serve a copy on all other counsel, a narrative
statement of the facts that will be offered by oral or documentary evidence at trial,
and a statement of any unusual questions of law that may arise.
(d) Each person or corporation having an actual interest in the case -- whether as a
party, as the insurance carrier of a party, or otherwise--shall either be personally
present at the pre-trial conference or shall there be represented by someone
authorized to speak for him or it with respect to the trial of the case and its
settlement.
(e) All unusual questions of law shall be presented to the pre-trial judge with a
statement of the authority supporting the position of that party. If a party desires,





15
he may present such questions in the absence of the opposing party and his
counsel.
(f) Exhibits may be marked prior to trial by the court stenographer. It is
recommended, although it is not required, that a list of exhibits, including a
description of each, be given to the court and to the stenographer at the
commencement of the trial.
(g) At the pre-trial conference, each party shall submit to the court and to opposing
counsel the following:
(1) A list of the names and addresses of all witnesses that party proposes to
call, classifying them as witnesses to liability or to damages. The listing of
a witness by a party shall impose no obligation on the party to call the
witness or to procure attendance at the trial.
(2) A copy of any plan or plot that party proposes to introduce into evidence.
(h) If a party, in the exercise of reasonable diligence, first becomes aware of the
necessity or the desirability of using a witness or a plan or plot subsequent to the
pre-trial conference, that party shall forthwith file the name, address and
classification of the witness or a copy of the plan or plot with the court and serve
a copy upon opposing counsel. Filing and service less than forty-eight hours
before the opening of the trial shall not be deemed compliance with this
subsection.
(i) A party may not call a witness nor offer a plan or plot without complying with
sub-section (g) or (h) hereof unless that party shall first secure the permission of
the court upon cause shown.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L225
ADDRESSES AND SUMMING UP
(a) Opening addresses may be made by all parties or groups of parties at the
commencement of the trial in the order of their appearing in the pleadings. Any
party may reserve opening address until immediately before presenting evidence.
(b) After the close of the testimony each party or group of parties shall have the right
of final address or argument. The party or parties having the burden of proof shall
have the right of final address or argument to the jury. However, a party who has
presented no evidence and who does not appear on the record in another capacity
shall not have the right of final argument.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






16
RULE L227.1
POST-TRIAL RELIEF.
Unless the court shall deem it unnecessary in a particular case, a post-trial conference
shall be held, at a time fixed by the court, in every case in which a post-trial motion has
been filed. The purpose of such conference will be to limit the issue which must be
considered by the court in ruling upon the post-trial motion and to determine how much
of the stenographic record of the trial should be transcribed.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






17
COURT MATTERS
RULE L301.1
COPIES OF WRITINGS
Whenever a copy of a writing is attached to a pleading, brief or other paper submitted to
the court, whether such copy is mechanically produced or otherwise, it shall be clearly
legible and faithfully represent the original in every respect, and unless the original itself
is not legible the court may require a substitute copy to be made and filed before the
pleadings shall be considered valid or the brief or other paper considered.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L306
PROTHONOTARY
(a) The Prothonotary shall immediately endorse all papers filed with the date of such
filing. Such endorsement upon a bond shall not constitute approval thereof. The
Prothonotary shall enter all rules, pleadings and other papers filed in every case in
the Prothonotary docket.
(b) The Prothonotary shall be responsible for the safe keeping of all records and
papers belonging to his/her office.
(c) Any attorney who takes a paper from the files of Prothonotary shall give his/her
receipt for it. He/She shall be responsible for the same and for damages arising
from any loss of same.
(d) Only the Prothonotary, clerks, and attorneys registered in the office of the
Prothonotary shall be permitted access to the files.
(e) No entries shall be made in the docket except at the direction of the Prothonotary
or by order of the courts, except an entry of appearance of counsel.
(f) All papers filed with the Prothonotary shall be designated numerically starting
with the number one for each calendar year. Civil Actions 2004-1
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]






18
RULE L309
TRIAL AND TRIAL LIST
1. Pursuant to Local Rules L317(c)(3) and L317(c)(4), regarding case management
Orders for regular and complex cases, all matters shall be placed on the trial list utilizing
a Praecipe for Trial.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.
Amended September 8, 2014, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin. Amended April 19, 2024, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin]
RULE L310
COURT CALENDAR
At the beginning of each calendar year, the court shall publish in the Mercer County Law
Journal, a court calendar for the current year which shall have the effect of a rule of court
for the matters and dates set forth therein.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L312
SECURITY FOR COSTS
(a) The defendant or any interested party may require the plaintiff who resides out of
state, or who is in bankruptcy, or has insolvency proceedings pending against
him, to file security for costs.
(b) The court, by special order upon cause shown, may require a plaintiff or a
defendant who seeks affirmative relief to enter security for costs.
(c) The claimant in a sheriff’s interpleader issue shall be construed to be a plaintiff
within the meaning of this rule.
(d) In default of security entered at the time fixed by the court, judgment of default or
other appropriate court order may be made in favor of the party obtaining the
order.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]






19
RULE L315
BILLS OF COSTS
(a) Bills of costs must contain the names of the witnesses, the dates of their
attendance, the number of miles actually traveled by them, and the place from
which mileage is claimed. The bill shall be verified by the affidavit of the party
filing it or by his/her agent or attorney that the witnesses named were actually
present in court, and that, in his opinion, they were material witnesses. A copy of
the bill of costs shall be served on opposing counsel.
(b) The party upon whom a bill of costs has been served may, within ten (10) days
after such service, file exception thereto, and the issue shall be determined by the
court. Failure to file exception within ten (10) days shall be deemed a waiver of
all objections.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE 316.1
JUDGMENT BY AGREEMENT
Except in actions to which a minor or an incapacitated person is a party and in actions for
wrongful death in which a minor or incapacitated person has an interest, verdicts and
non-suits, and judgments by agreement may be entered at any time but only upon written
stipulation signed by the parties or by their counsel of record and filed in the case.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L316.3
STRIKING OR OPENING JUDGMENTS
(a) Petition to open or strike a judgment shall be made to the court and, upon cause
shown, a rule may be granted to show cause why the judgment should not be
opened or stricken and the petitioner let in to a defense, with any further order
proper in the discretion of the court. If a rule is granted by the court, a copy of the
petition and order made thereto, shall be served upon the plaintiff or his attorney
of record within five (5) days from the date of the order. It shall be the duty of the
plaintiff, if he desires to make answer to the petition, to file said answer within
twenty (20) days after service of the petition and order upon him or his attorney of
record, unless the period for filing of an answer is otherwise ordered by the court,
and also to serve a copy of said answer upon petitioner or his attorney of record at
the time of filing the same.
(b) The prayer of the petition shall set forth whether a supersedeas is requested or not.






20
(c) In instances of petitions after execution has been issued, the court may, in its
discretion, order a bond be filed for costs. Unless the order of the court provides
otherwise, in cases where there is a levy made, the lien of any levy shall remain
and continue until the matter is finally disposed of.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L316.4
JUDGMENTS: RE-INDEXING
Judgments entered on confession may be subsequently re-indexed against any defendant
under any alias name upon the plaintiff’s attorney filing a praecipe therefore supported by
an affidavit that such alias defendant is the same person against whom the judgment was
originally entered and indexed. The subsequent re-indexing shall be noted on the docket
at the original number and term and shall be re-indexed on a separate line in the judgment
index, clearly showing the date of such re-indexing.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L317
 NOTIFICATION. ASSIGNMENT. CONFERENCE.
(A) The Prothonotary of Mercer County shall notify the Mercer County Court
Administrator within five (5) days of the filing of every new civil complaint.
(B) The Mercer County Court Administrator shall assign the case to a judge on a rotating
basis.
(C ) A status conference shall be held no sooner than 60 days after the filing of the
 complaint nor later than 90 days.
(1) At said conference, the Court shall, after consultation with the parties, designate
whether the matter is an arbitration case, regular case or a complex case. Each
party shall present to the Court at said conference a summary of their case. Said
summary shall be no longer than 3 pages in length (double spaced).
(2) If the matter is designated an arbitration case, the Court shall enter a case
management order requiring that all discovery be completed within three (3)
months of the order and the matter listed for an arbitration hearing within 60 days
of the end of discovery. The parties may agree to forego discovery prior to the
arbitration hearing and do discovery only if there is an appeal from the Board of
Arbitrator’s decision. If this option is chosen, the Court shall immediately refer
the case to arbitration.
(i ) The parties shall notify the assigned judge no later than one (1) month
 whether or not the parties have settled their dispute. If the dispute is






21
 not settled, the court will enter an order requiring a Board of
 Arbitrators be appointed.
(ii ) If an appeal is taken, from the decision of the Board of Arbitration,
 the Prothonotary shall notify the assigned judge who will enter an
 order placing the matter on the next available trial term.
(3) If the matter is designated a regular case, the court shall enter a case management
order requiring that all discovery be completed within six (6) months of the
order, that all summary judgment motions be filed within seven (7) months of the
date of the order and placing the matter on the trial list for a month no sooner
than eight (8) months nor more than ten (10) months from the date of the order.
 (i ) A review conference shall be held before the assigned judge no sooner
 than four (4) months nor more than five (5) months of the initial
 conference, or earlier if a party requests.
 (ii ) If a summary judgment is filed, the court shall enter an order resolving
 the motion within thirty (30) days of argument on said motion.
(4) If the matter is designated a complex case, the court shall enter a case
management order requiring that all discovery be completed within fifteen (15)
months of the date of the order; that all summary judgments be filed within
seventeen (17) months of the date of that order and placing the matter on the trial
list for a month no sooner than nineteen (19) months nor more than twenty-one
(21) months from the date of the order.
 (i ) Review conferences shall be held every five (5) months before the
 assigned judge, or earlier if a party requests.
 (ii ) If a summary judgment motion is filed, the court shall enter an order
 resolving the motion within forty-five (45) days of oral argument on
 said motion.
(5) If a matter is designated an appeal from the judgment of a Magisterial District
Judge affecting the delivery of possession of real property pursuant to
Pa.R.Civ.P. M.D.J. 1002, the court shall enter an order requiring that all
discovery be completed within forty-five (45) days of the date of the order. The
matter shall then be listed for a bench trial in front of the assigned judge within
sixty (60) days of the end of discovery. A Board of Arbitrators shall not be
appointed for an appeal affecting the delivery of possession of real property.
(Adopted June 18, 2025, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.)
(D ) Case designations shall be in accordance with the following:
 (1) Arbitration case – a case shall be designated as an arbitration case where the
 demand for relief is $35,000.00 or less;
 (2) Complex case – a case shall be any case involving a mass tort, professional
 malpractice, more than four (4) parties, any case where the demand for relief
 exceeds $500,000.00 or any case the parties and the court agree should be
 designated as a complex case.
(3) Regular case – any case that is not designated either an arbitration case or a
 complex case.






22
(4) Appeal from the judgment of a Magisterial District Judge affecting the delivery of
possession of real property.
(Adopted June 18, 2025, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.)
(E ) All times for filing discovery, filing summary judgment motions or placing the
 matter on the trial list may only be modified by court order.
(F ) All expert reports shall be provided to opposing counsel no later than the time set
 for the end of discovery under the terms of this Rule.
(G ) All motions filed in the case shall be heard by the assigned judge unless that judge
 is not available and need not be heard at Motions Court.
[Adopted September 8, 2014, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]
Amendment to Rule L317:
(H) Procedure for handling cases initiated by Writs of Summons:
(1) A status conference shall be held no sooner than 60 days nor more than 90 days
after the filing of the Writ.
(a) At the initial conference, the Court shall make inquiry of Plaintiff’s
counsel when counsel anticipates filing a complaint.
(i ) If the complaint is anticipated to be filed within 90 days of the
conference, the Court shall enter an order designating the nature of the
case, setting a discovery, motion and trial schedule consistent with the
designation;
 (ii) If the complaint is not anticipated to be filed within 90 days of the
 conference, the Court shall schedule a review conference no sooner than
 180 days nor more than 200 days after said conference. At the review
 conference, the Court shall make inquiry as to when a complaint is
 anticipated to be filed and enter an order consistent with subparagraph (i),
 or if a complaint is anticipated to be filed within 90 days or another status
 conference if it is not; or enter any other order deemed appropriate by the
 nature and circumstances of the case.
(Adopted November 13, 2015, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.)






23
RULE L230.2
TERMINATION OF INACTIVE CASES
(a) At least once a year, the Prothonotary of Mercer County shall provide to the
President Judge a list of all those cases that have had no activity of record for two
years or more.
(b) Pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. Rule 230.2(b)(1), the Prothonotary shall then send Notices
of Proposed Termination to counsel of record, or to the parties if not represented,
for those cases having no activity of record for two years or more.
(c) Pursuant to Rule of Judicial Administration Rule 1901(c)(2), the Prothonotary
shall advertise one time in the Mercer County Law Journal the list of all those
cases where the Notice of Proposed Termination could not be given by mail or
had been returned undelivered. In addition to the list of cases, said advertisement
shall include a Notice of Proposed Termination and the statement: “You have
thirty (30) days to respond to this Notice by filing a Statement of Intention to
Proceed pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. Rule 230.2(g).”
(d) The Prothonotary shall comply with all other provisions found in Pa.R.C.P. Rule
230.2 when terminating inactive cases that have been property served a Notice of
Termination.
(e) The President Judge shall comply with Rule 230.2(d) regarding an aggrieved
party seeking to reinstate a terminated case.
[Adopted March 15, 2022, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS
RULE L321
AUDITORS AND AUDITORS’ REPORTS
(a) Auditors shall be appointed by the Court sua sponte or upon petition.
(b) Auditors’ hearings shall be held at the Courthouse except with leave of court and
testimony shall be taken by a court stenographer or by a stenographer agreed upon
by the parties.
(c) Auditors shall give all parties notice of the time and place of hearings before them
and give public notice by advertisement once per week for two successive weeks
in the Mercer County Law Journal and in one daily newspaper of general
circulation of this county, stating that all persons must prove their claims or they
will be disallowed. Auditors shall obtain from the assignors or debtors, a list of
their creditors, and if the proceeds of the sale of real estate are to be distributed,
identify all liens and encumbrances thereon and award distribution after
determining any objections thereto.






24
(d) Argument before the court shall be confined to the exceptions filed with the
auditor. The court may take additional testimony on exceptions if justice requires.
(e) When facts are controverted before the auditor, he/she shall report the proven
facts in a concise form and shall state concisely the questions of law raised before
rendering decisions thereon, with the reasons therefore. When distribution is
made a schedule of the liens on the funds, paid and unpaid, shall be made and
presented with the report showing the disposition made. All testimony shall be
returned separately and filed with the report.
(f) Upon a claim of misconduct or unreasonable delay on the part of any auditor, the
court may either vacate the appointment or issue a rule to show cause why the
auditor should not proceed forthwith in the duties of appointment.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L323
ASSIGNEES FOR CREDITORS
(a) Assignees for the benefit of creditors and receivers shall, after they have entered
security, give notice of their appointment, to every creditor and party in interest of
whom they have knowledge, and shall also publish notice thereof once a week for
two successive weeks in the Mercer County Law Journal and in one newspaper of
general circulation published within the county.
(b) The assignee shall file with the account a petition for distribution in form similar
to that of petitions for distribution required by the Orphans’ Court Division of this
Court and all such accounts and petitions for distribution shall be filed in the
office of the Prothonotary.
(c) The assignee shall give written notice of the filing of the account, the petition for
distribution and of the call for the audit or confirmation thereof to all interested
parties. Such notice shall be given by mailing to the last known address of such
parties, at least three weeks before the presentation of the account to the court,
and shall also be published by the Prothonotary for two successive weeks in one
newspaper of general circulation published in Mercer County and in the Mercer
County Law Journal.
(d) Any account filed for audit and confirmation shall be audited preliminarily by the
Prothonotary and then presented to the court, together with the proofs of
publication and proof of the giving of the required notice to interested parties at
the time fixed for the audit or confirmation thereof. If no exceptions have been
filed, the account may be confirmed absolutely.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






25
RULE L324
SHERIFF
It shall be the duty of the sheriff, or his/her deputy, to be always present in the
Courthouse during the sitting of a court and promptly to execute all orders of the
court and process issued.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE 325
SURVEYORS
(a) All cases affecting real estate wherein questions of boundary or of conflicting
surveys may arise, the court, on application of any party, or a judge at chambers,
on proof of ten days’ notice to all the other parties or their attorneys of such
intended applications, may appoint a registered civil engineer or professional land
surveyor who, upon reasonable notice to both parties, shall survey and ascertain
such boundaries and conflicts and furnish a diagram thereof describing the same,
and any other circumstances material to a proper investigation of the subject, and
if, on trial, or otherwise, such survey appears to have been necessary or proper,
the reasonable expenses of the same shall be taxed and paid as other costs.
(b) The person so appointed, before entering upon his/her duties, shall take or
subscribe an oath of affirmation that he/she will impartially, to the best of his/her
skill and judgment, do and perform all things enjoined and required of him/her
under said appointment, which oath or affirmation shall be filed in the cause.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L326
MONEY PAID INTO COURT
(a) A party to an action may, upon motion and such notice to the adverse party as the
court may direct, pay into court the amount admitted to be due, together with
costs, if any. The party entitled to the money may accept the money and settle and
discontinue the action or may refuse the money and proceed with the action. If the
adverse party shall not recover more than the amount paid into court, all
additional costs shall be deducted from the money. This tender into court shall in
no way alter the rights of the parties as to legal tender made before suit.
(b) Parties wishing to extinguish liens upon real estate in which they have an interest
may, on motion and such notice to the creditor as the court may direct, pay into
court the amount due and have satisfaction entered upon the lien.






26
(c) Upon payment of money into court, it shall be deposited by the Prothonotary in an
account in the name of the Prothonotary kept for such purposes, and shall be
payable only by a check signed by the Prothonotary pursuant to order of court. A
book shall be kept in the office of the Prothonotary, in which shall be entered all
moneys paid into court, with the name of the case in which it shall have been
paid.
(d) In matters of bulk transfer, the petition of the transferee shall, inter alia, provide
the name, address and amount of claims of creditors of the transferor insofar as
known to the transferee and may request the appointment of an auditor. If the
petition be approved by the court, an auditor may be appointed to determine
which creditors of the transferor are entitled to recommend distribution to the
court. The auditor shall give notice of appointment. Notice of the time of filing
claims shall be given to the transferors and transferees, or their attorneys, by
registered or certified mail to each known creditor whose name and address is set
forth in the petition.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
Rule L327
LAW LIBRARY
(a) The Mercer County Law Library shall be managed by a law librarian. A Law
Library committee shall be appointed by the President Judge of the Court of
Common Pleas of Mercer County and shall consist of three (3) members of the
Mercer County Bar Association.
(b) The committee shall recommend to the President Judge such rules and regulations
for the management of the library as may be expedient and necessary for its
proper care and preservation.
(c) The Mercer County Law Library shall provide research facilities for the Court of
Common Pleas, Mercer County Bar Association, county offices and the general
public. As mandated by Title 42 of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statute,
Section 3724, the County Law Library shall receive from the county such
necessary funds, accommodations, goods and services, as shall be specified by
general rules or recommendations of the State Law Library. The law library shall
also be operated in conformity with the Rules of the Court of Common Pleas of
Mercer County and shall be available to the general public.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






27
RULE L328
OFFICIAL LEGAL PUBLICATION
The Mercer County Law Journal is designated as the place of legal publication for the
publication of legal notices.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
Rule L329
PRE-TRIAL ORDER
(a) Upon receipt of a praecipe for the trial list, the court shall issue an order in the
form set forth below providing for the parties to object to the certification of the
case as being ready for trial, limiting the taking of depositions for use at trial, and
providing for the scheduling of the trial and the pre-trial conference.
(b) All depositions for use at trial shall be completed not later than five (5) days after
the date of the pre-trial conference as scheduled by the court administrator, and
the order shall so provide.
(c) Any party who does not agree with the praecipe’s certification of the readiness of
the case for trial shall file a written objection to the certification within ten (10)
days of the entry of the order. The written objection shall include a proposed court
order setting the date and time for a hearing on this objection. For good cause
shown at the hearing, the case will be stricken from the trial list. If no written
objections to the certification are filed, continuances from the trial list will not be
granted except for compelling circumstances not known to counsel for the parties
at the time the order is entered.
(d) Appropriate sanctions may be imposed for failure to comply with the order,
including the striking of the case from the trial list and the assessment of
attorney’s fees and costs resulting from the delay. The court’s contempt powers
and the availability of damages for delay under Pennsylvania Rule of Civil
Procedure 238 are not limited by this rule.
ORDER
AND NOW, this ______ day of ____________________, 20___, this case having been praeciped onto the
trial list and the party filing the praecipe having thereby certified pursuant to Local Rule of Court L309 that
all motions have been disposed of, that all discovery has been completed, and that this case is ready for
trial, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED AND DECREED that any party who does not agree with that
certification shall file a written objection to the certification within ten (10) days of the entry of this Order.
If any objection is filed, a hearing will be scheduled on the objection to determine whether the case should






28
be stricken from the trial list. The written objection shall include a proposed Order setting the date and time
for this hearing. Whether or not written objections are filed, the Court Administrator will place this case on
the trial list for _________________ and schedule the pre-trial conference for the _______ day of
______________________, 20____. No continuances from the trial list will be granted hereafter by reason
of the need to take or complete depositions for use at trial or on the basis that the case is not otherwise
ready for trial, unless a timely, written objection to the certification of readiness for trial is filed.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED AND DECREED that, if this case is not stricken from the trial list, all
depositions to perpetuate testimony for use at trial shall be completed not later than five days after the pretrial conference date scheduled by the Court Administrator. In their pre-trial statements required by Local
Rule of Court L212, the parties shall list all depositions taken or to be taken to perpetuate testimony for use
at trial. For those depositions yet to be taken, the parties shall list the dates and times within the five days
after the pre-trial conference when they will be taken.
Failure to comply with this Order shall result in appropriate sanctions, including the striking of the case
from the trial list and the assessment of attorney’s fees and costs resulting from the delay. This Court’s
contempt powers and the availability of damages for delay under Pennsylvania Rule of Civil Procedure 238
are not limited by this Order.
The purpose of this Order is to insure that this case, which has been certified as ready for trial, is in fact in
that posture. It is the intention of this Court that meaningful stipulations and settlement discussions occur at
the pre-trial conference and that the integrity of the trial list be preserved. There shall be no variations from
this procedure.
BY THE COURT:
______________________________
President Judge
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






29
 CIVIL ACTIONS
RULE L1018.1
NOTICE TO DEFEND
The organization to be named in The Notice to Defend from whom legal help can be
obtained is:
Mercer County Lawyers Referral Service
c/o Mercer County Bar Association
P.O. BOX 1302
Hermitage, PA 16148
Telephone: (724) 342-3111
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L1028(c)
PRELIMINARY OBJECTIONS PROCEDURE
(1) Preliminary objections shall be scheduled for Argument Court by the filing of a
praecipe in accordance with the procedure set forth in Local Rule L208.3(a)(4)
(2) Briefs shall be filed and in the form set forth in L210 and subject to L208.3(b).
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L1033
AMENDMENT
Whenever an amended pleading is filed involving more than one paragraph of the
original pleading, it shall be a complete pleading and not merely the amendments to the
former pleadings. The amended pleading shall clearly indicate that it is an amended
pleading and the paragraphs shall be appropriately re-numbered.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






30
RULE L1034(a)
MOTION FOR JUDGMENT ON THE PLEADINGS PROCEDURE
(1) Motions for judgment on the pleadings shall be scheduled for Argument Court by
the filing of a scheduling praecipe in accordance with the procedure set forth in
Local Rule L208.3(a)(4)
(2) Briefs shall be filed and be in the form set forth L210 and subject to L208.3(b).
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]
RULE L1035.2(a)
MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT PROCEDURE
(1) Argument on motions for summary judgment shall be scheduled for argument by
the filing of a praecipe in accordance with the procedure set forth in Local Rule
L208.3(a)(4), provided however, no case shall be praeciped for argument until all
parties have filed a response or thirty (30) days after filing the motion, whichever
occurs first.
(2) Briefs shall be filed and be in the form set forth in L210 and subject to L208.3(b).
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]
ACTION TO QUIET TITLE
RULE L1066
FORM OF JUDGMENTS ON ORDER
Any order entered under subsection R.C.P. 1066 (b)(1) shall include a description of the
property.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






31
RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE
CONCILIATION PROGRAM
RULE L1147. COURT OF COMMON PLEAS OF MERCER COUNTY
 RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE
 CONCILIATION PROGRAM
1. Complaints in Mortgage Foreclosure presented for filing seeking foreclosure on a
mortgage of a Mercer County owner-occupied residence shall be accompanied
with an additional URGENT NOTICE, a copy of which is attached hereto as
Exhibit “A”. Said URGENT NOTICE shall be affixed to the Complaint when
presented for filing and shall also be affixed to the copy of the Complaint served
upon the Defendant(s).
2. If the Defendant(s) call Housing Opportunities, Inc., and if the Defendant(s)
attend a meeting with a Housing Opportunities Counselor, and if the Housing
Opportunities Counselor makes a determination that the Defendant(s) is/are
eligible to participate in the Mercer County Mortgage Foreclosure Conciliation
Program, the Housing Opportunities Counselor shall secure the signature(s) of the
Defendant(s) on a “Certificate of Participation”; file the same with the
Prothonotary of Mercer County; and serve a copy thereof in the Court
Administration Office of Mercer County, all within thirty (30) days following
service of the Complaint and URGENT NOTICE upon the Defendant(s).
3. Upon timely filing of a completed “Certificate of Participation” from Housing
Opportunities, Inc. with the Prothonotary of the Court of Common Pleas of
Mercer County (a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit “B”), the case will
proceed as follows:
The Court will issue the following Order in each case where the Certificate of
Participation has been timely filed by Housing Opportunities, Inc. on behalf of the
Defendant(s):
ORDER OF COURT
AND NOW, this _______ day of _______________________, 20____, a Certificate of
Participation in the Mercer County Residential Mortgage Conciliation Program having been
timely filed by the Defendant(s) in the above-captioned matter, no further action shall be
taken in this case for at least sixty (60) days from the date of this Order, except upon Order
of this Court.
It is hereby ORDERED AND DIRECTED that a Court-Supervised Conciliation
Conference is scheduled to be held on the _____ day of ________________________, 20
______ at ______ o’clock _____.m., in Courtroom No. ____ of the Mercer County
Courthouse, 100 North Diamond Street, Mercer, PA 16137.
It is further ORDERED AND DIRECTED that, unless an agreement in this case has
been reached prior to the scheduled Conciliation Conference, a representative of the
Plaintiff/Lender/Investor who has actual authority to modify mortgages and/or enter into
alternate payment agreements with the Defendant(s) or otherwise resolve the action, shall be
available telephonically. Failure of the Plaintiff, or of a representative of the Plaintiff with
such authority, to appear for the Conciliation Conference may result in the rescheduling of






32
the Conciliation Conference and further postponement of any action in this matter, including
timely filing of an Answer, filing of Preliminary Objections, filing of Motions for Summary
Judgment and/or Judgment on the Pleadings and taking of final Judgment in the action.
Failure of the Defendant(s) to attend the Conciliation Conference shall result in the
lifting of any stay.
This Order is to be docketed by the Prothonotary of Mercer County and served
upon the Defendant(s) at their address(es) as reflected on the Certificate of Participation,
any attorney of record for any party at the address included on any pleading and/or
appearance, and upon Housing Opportunities, Inc., at 2418 Wilmington Road, New Castle,
PA 16105, all by First-Class Mail.
4. If the “Certificate of Participation” is not filed within the thirty (30) day time
period set forth in Paragraph 2, the filing of an untimely “Certificate of
Participation” and participation in the Residential Mortgage Foreclosure
Conciliation Program shall be allowed upon leave of Court only.
5. Limited Appearance and Withdrawal Forms for Pro Bono Counsel/Reduced-Fee
Counsel are attached hereto as Exhibit “C” and Exhibit “D”.
6. Failure of Defendant(s) to fully participate in conciliation or failure of the parties
to reach an alternate settlement arrangement following conciliation shall result in
entry of an Order, as attached hereto as Exhibit “E”.
URGENT NOTICE
A Complaint in Mortgage Foreclosure has been filed with the Court of Common Pleas of Mercer
that may cause you to lose your home.
You may be able to participate in a Court-Supervised Conciliation Conference in an effort to
resolve this matter with the Lender.
However, you must act now.
To secure an opportunity to participate in a Court-Supervised Conciliation Conference, you must
call Housing Opportunities, Inc. at (724) 728-7511 and attend a meeting with a Housing
Opportunities Counselor. This must happen within the next thirty (30) days of receiving this Notice
or you will lose your eligibility to participate in the Mercer County Mortgage Foreclosure
Conciliation Program. The Housing Opportunities Counselor will inform you what to do next and
will schedule your Conference. Pro Bono Legal Assistance may be available to you at the
Conciliation Conference.
MAKE THIS CALL TO SAVE YOUR HOME
THIS PROGRAM IS FREE!
EXHIBIT “A”






33
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS OF MERCER COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA
CIVIL ACTION – LAW
:
Plaintiff :
v. : No.
:
:
Defendant :
CERTIFICATION OF PARTICIPATION
I am the owner of the property listed below:
Premises Address: ____________________________________
____________________________________
Mercer County, Pennsylvania
This property is my primary residence. It is the subject of foreclosure, and I would like to try to
save my residence from foreclosure.
I have contacted the Housing Counselor at Housing Opportunities, Inc. I am cooperating with the
Housing Counselor and have already submitted, or will submit at least fifteen (15) days before the
Conciliation/Case Management Conference, a complete written proposal to the Plaintiff to avoid
foreclosure.
I understand the assistance of the Housing Counselor is free of charge to me and I understand any
Pro Bono assistance that I may receive from an attorney assigned to my case by the Mercer County Bar
Association’s Lawyer Referral Service shall be for the limited purpose of advising me of my rights and
representing my interests for this case only and said representation will terminate at the conclusion of the
Conciliation Conference.
I certify that this filing complies with the provision of the Public Access Policy of the Unified
Judicial System of Pennsylvania Case Records of the Appellate and Trial Courts that require filing
confidential information and documents differently than non-confidential information and documents.
_______________________________ _______________________________
Signature Signature
_______________________________ _______________________________
Printed Name Printed Name
_______________________________ _______________________________
Full Mailing Address Full Mailing Address
Must be returned and filed with the Prothonotary of Mercer County within thirty (30) days following
service of the Complaint and URGENT NOTICE upon Defendant(s).
Exhibit “B”






34
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS OF MERCER COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA
CIVIL ACTION – LAW
:
Plaintiff :
v. : No.
:
Defendant :
PRAECIPE FOR ENTRY OF LIMITED APPEARANCE
To the Prothootary:
Kindly enter my limited appearance for _____________________________
___________________________ , Defendant(s) in the above-captioned matter. This appearance is
limited to providing representation and advice to the Defendant(s) at any Court-Supervised
Conciliation Conference scheduled in this Mortgage Foreclosure proceeding, said limited appearance
being authorized by Administrative Order No. L11147.
I hereby certify that this filing complies with the provisions of the Public Access Policy of the Unified
Judicial System of Pennsylvania Case Records of the Appellate and Trial Courts that require filing
confidential information and documents differently than non-confidential information and
documents.
_________________________________
Name of Attorney
Attorney for Defendant(s)
Address __________________________________
_________________________________________
Telephone No. ____________________________
Supreme Court ID# _______________________
Exhibit “C”
35
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS OF MERCER COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA
CIVIL ACTION – LAW
:
Plaintiff :
v. : No.
:
Defendant :
PRAECIPE FOR WITHDRAWAL OF LIMITED APPEARANCE
To the Prothonotary:
Kindly withdraw my limited appearance for _______________________
_________________________________(Defendant(s) in the above-captioned matter. Withdrawal of
this limited appearance is permitted pursuant to Administrative Order No. L1147. All further
notices should be sent directly to _________
______________________________(Defendants), at _________________________
_____________________________(last known address).
I certify that this filing complies with the provisions of the Public Access Policy of the Unified
Judicial System of Pennsylvania Case Records of the Appellate and Trial Courts that require filing
confidential information and documents differently than non-confidential information and
documents.
_________________________________
Name of Attorney
Attorney for Defendant(s)
Address __________________________________
_________________________________________
Telephone No. ____________________________
Supreme Court ID# _______________________
Exhibit “D”
36
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS OF MERCER COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA
CIVIL ACTION – LAW
:
Plaintiff :
v. : No.
:
:
Defendant :
ORDER
AND NOW, this _______ day of ____________________________, 20___, as the (date of
Conciliation Conference) Court-Supervised Conciliation Conference in this matter has not resulted in an
alternate payment arrangement acceptable to both Plaintiff and Defendant(s), it is hereby ORDERED AND
DIRECTED as follows:
1. The stay issued in this matter by the (date of Order) Order is lifted.
2. Defendant(s) is/are advised that within twenty (20) days of the date of this Order (he/she/they)
must act as set forth in the Notice to Defend that was attached to the Complaint in Mortgage
Foreclosure that was served on (him/her/them) by Plaintiff. A copy of the Notice to Defend is
attached to this Order, and Defendant’s (s’) attention is directed to said Notice.
3. In the event Defendant(s) fail(s) to act as set forth in the attached Notice to Defend within twenty
(20) days of the date of this Order, Plaintiff shall provide the appropriate ten (10) day notice as
required by Pa.R.C.P. 237.5.
BY THE COURT:
___________________________________P.J.
Daniel P. Wallace, President Judge
Exhibit “E”
[Adopted January 22, 2025, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]






37
ARBITRATION
RULE L1301
SCOPE
All cases which are now or later at issue where the amount in controversy shall be thirtyfive thousand dollars ($35,000) or less, exclusive of interest and costs, except those
involving title to real estate, shall be submitted to and heard by a board of arbitrators
consisting of three (3) members of the Bar in active practice in this county.
[Adopted March 29, 2019, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]
RULE L1302
LIST OF ARBITRATORS. APPOINTMENT TO BOARD. OATH.
(a) Upon the filing of a praecipe for arbitration, the Prothonotary shall notify the
court administrator who shall thereupon nominate a board of potential arbitrators
consisting of three (3) attorneys, plus one (1) attorney for each counsel of record
and each unrepresented party. The nomination shall be made from a list of
members of the bar qualified to act as arbitrators, which shall be kept by the court
administrator. Nomination shall be made in the order of listing, except where
attorneys are excused on account of incapacity or illness, or for other reasons
herein set forth. Not more than one (1) member of a firm or association of
attorneys shall be appointed to the same board and no members of a firm or
association of attorneys shall be appointed to a board to hear a case where another
member of such firm or association of attorneys is counsel for any of the parties
litigant.
(b) The list of attorneys nominated to the potential board shall be sent by the court
administrator to the attorney for each party and to each unrepresented party. Each
such party may strike off one (1) attorney so named and return the list to the court
administrator within five (5) days of receipt. The remaining three (3) attorneys
shall constitute the board of arbitration. If both or all parties strike the same name
or no name from the list, the first three (3) remaining names will make up the
board.
(c) As soon as the court administrator receives the returned list from the parties, or
after (5) days if a list is not returned, he shall notify the Prothonotary of the
arbitrators selected. The Prothonotary shall, within ten (10) days, notify the
arbitrators in writing of their selection.
(d) The first member listed for a board who has been admitted to the practice of law
not less than three (3) years shall be chairman of the board and shall be






38
responsible for the setting of the date and place of hearing, for giving notice
thereof to opposing counsel and to the Prothonotary, and for the filing of the
board's report and award if any. The hearing must be set within sixty (60) days of
the appointment of the board.
(e) Once an arbitration hearing is scheduled it may be continued once by the
chairperson of the board. There may be no further continuances without leave of
Court.
(f) The members of the board shall be sworn as arbitrators before entering upon their
duties by a person authorized to administer oaths.
(g) All arbitration hearings shall be held in the Mercer County Courthouse unless
otherwise approved by the Court at the request of the chairperson. When the
hearing is to be held outside of the Courthouse, the original file shall remain at the
Courthouse; and the arbiters and parties shall familiarize themselves with the file
and obtain copies thereof as necessary.
[Adopted July 19, 2014, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
Rule L1308
APPEAL. ARBITRATORS’ COMPENSATION. NOTICE
(a) Each member of the Board of Arbitrators shall be paid by the county a fee, as fixed
by the court from time to time, for each case heard, upon the filing of the board's
report and award, if any.
(b) Upon the filing of the board's report or award, the Prothonotary shall certify to the
county commissioners and to the county controller that the report and award, if any,
has been filed, together with the names of the members of the board serving in the
case, and thereupon the county shall pay the aforesaid fee to each member of the
board serving in the case.
(c) In the event a case is settled, compromised or withdrawn after the chairperson has
scheduled a hearing and has mailed notice of the arbitration hearing, but before the
arbiters are sworn, the chairperson shall receive a $75.00 fee. The other two
arbiters shall receive no fee. If the case is settled, compromised or withdrawn after
the arbiters are sworn, fees for one-half (1/2) day’s service shall be paid to all
arbiters. The Board of Arbitration for a case which has been settled, withdrawn or
terminated after the arbiters have been appointed but not sworn shall be assigned by
the Prothonotary to hear the next case proper for arbitration. In the event an arbiter
shall be disqualified from serving on the next case, such disqualified arbiter shall be
appointed to a Board of Arbitration upon the first case for which the arbiter is
eligible.
(d) The fees payable or paid to the members of the board of arbitrators under these
rules shall not be taxed as costs, nor follow the award with other costs.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






39
ACTIONS FOR PRIMARY PHYSICAL CUSTODY
AND PARTIAL PHYSICAL CUSTODY OF MINOR
CHILDREN
RULE L1915.1
OFFICE OF THE CUSTODY CONCILIATOR
(a) The Mercer County Office of the Hearing Master is hereby renamed the Mercer
County Office of the Custody Conciliator.
[Adopted October 25, 2021, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]
RULE L1915.3
COMMENCEMENT OF ACTION. COMPLAINT. ORDER.
(a) Except for a custody action asserted in a divorce complaint, a plaintiff shall
commence a custody action by filing a verified complaint substantially in the form
provided by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.15(a)
(b) A motion for the appointment of a Conciliator shall be filed with any pleading that
includes a claim for primary physical custody or partial physical custody. The
motion and accompanying order shall comply with Pa.R.C.P. No.1920.74.
However, the party shall substitute the title “Conciliator” for “Master” where
appropriate in the motion.
(c) No fee shall be assessed for a Conciliator conference.
(d) The order accompanying the motion for appointment of a Conciliator in all
primary physical custody or partial physical custody actions shall comply with
Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.3(b) and Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.15(c). The party filing the
motion shall obtain from the Office of the Custody Conciliator the date, time, and
place of the Conciliator conference.
(e) If a party is represented, the Office of the Custody Conciliator shall serve the order
scheduling the Conciliator conference on the party’s counsel by first class mail. If
a party is unrepresented, the Office of the Custody Conciliator shall serve the order
upon the party by first class mail at the party’s last known address.






40
(f) The Office of the Custody Conciliator shall also file a copy of the order
accompanying the motion for appointment of Conciliator with the Prothonotary.
(g) All Conciliator conferences regarding partial custody or supervised physical
custody shall comply with Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-2(a).
[Adopted October 25, 2021, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]
RULE L1915.4-1
CONCILIATOR HEARINGS FOR PARTIAL CUSTODY ACTIONS
(a) Pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-1(a), with respect to partial custody actions
only, the Court adopts the alternate hearing procedure provided for under
Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-2.
(b) Pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-1(b), with respect to partial custody actions
only, a party may, after the parties’ initial contact with the court as set forth in
Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4(a), promptly file a motion with the Prothonotary for a
hearing in front of a judge, rather than a hearing in front of the Conciliator.
(c) A motion for a hearing in front of a judge, in an action involving partial custody
only, will not be granted unless:
1. There are complex questions of law, fact or both; or,
2. The parties certify to the court that there are serious allegations affecting
the child’s welfare.
(d) The Conciliator shall determine whether a partial custody action qualifies for a
hearing in front of a judge pursuant (c)(1) or (c)(2) above. In the event a party
objects to the Conciliator’s determination, the appointing judge shall have final
discretion.
(e) All hearings involving partial custody actions that occur before the Conciliator
shall comply with the procedure set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-2(b).
(f) A fee in an amount to be determined by court order shall be assessed against each
party for a Conciliator hearing in an action involving partial physical custody.
The fee shall be waived for any party determined to be indigent.
[Adopted October 25, 2021, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]






41
RULE L1915.4-2
CONCILIATOR HEARINGS BY DEFAULT. PARTIAL CUSTODY
ONLY.
(a) If the parties to a partial custody action do not reach an agreement at the
Conciliator conference, and neither party had moved for a hearing in front of a
judge prior to the Conciliator conference, the parties will be deemed to have
consented to a hearing before the Conciliator.
(b) A Conciliator hearing regarding a partial custody action shall comply with the
procedure set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-2(b).
[Adopted October 25, 2021, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]
RULE L1915.4-3
CONCILIATOR CONFERENCE
(a) A conference before a Conciliator shall be held in all actions for primary
physical custody and partial physical custody unless a party in an action for
partial physical custody has filed a motion pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-
1(b) for a hearing in front of a judge prior to the Conciliator’s conference.
(b) In the event the parties reach an agreement at the Conciliator conference, the
Conciliator shall dictate a proposed order that encompasses the parties’
agreement in their presence or immediately thereafter. The Conciliator shall
then submit the order to the appointing judge for consideration.
(c) In the event the parties do not reach an agreement at the Conciliator
conference, the Conciliator shall immediately dictate a proposed interim
custody order in the presence of the parties. The proposed interim order shall
be forwarded to the appointing judge for review and approval.
(d) In the event the parties do not reach an agreement at the Conciliator
conference, the Court Administrator shall schedule a Pre-Trial Conference in
front of the appointing judge.
(e) Once the Court Administrator schedules a Pre-Trial Conference, the
Conciliator shall prepare a report for the appointing judge. The report shall
indicate the positions of the parties and shall contain the Conciliator’s
recommendation as reflected in the proposed interim order.
(f) A copy of the Conciliator’s report and the interim order shall be served on
counsel if a party is represented, or on a party directly if pro se, and on the






42
guardian ad litem if one has been appointed. The parties shall not be
permitted to file exceptions to the interim order or the Conciliator’s report.
[Adopted October 25, 2021, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]
ACTIONS OF DIVORCE OR ANNULMENT OF
MARRIAGE
RULE L1920.51
HEARING BY THE COURT.
APPOINTMENT OF MASTER.
NOTICE OF HEARING.
(a) All actions for divorce under Section 3301(a) (b) and (d)(l)(i) of the Divorce
Code or for annulment, and all claims for alimony, alimony pendente lite,
bifurcation, equitable distribution of marital property, exclusive possession of the
marital residence, counsel fees, costs, expenses, or any aspect thereof shall be
heard by a master in the absence of a court order to the contrary.
(1) All actions or claims described in Section (a) hereof will not be
referred to a master until one of the parties files a motion for the
appointment of a master to hear the action(s) and/or claims(s) at issue
and pays an amount to be determined by court order, in addition to all
other costs provided by law, for the appointment of a master. The
motion shall be substantially in the form as provided by Pennsylvania
Rule of Civil Procedure 1920.74. The motion shall be filed with the
Prothonotary together with the proper fee.
(2) Upon receipt of the proper fee, the Prothonotary shall forward the
motion to the court administrator for assignment to a master.
(3) Unless the moving party is granted leave to proceed in forma pauperis,
no master will be appointed until the proper fee for the appointment of
the master is paid, or the court permits otherwise. If the monies are not
forthcoming and there are no other proceedings in the case for a period
of two years, the matter will be subject to termination pursuant to Rule
1901 of the Pennsylvania Rules of Judicial Administration.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.
Amended September 1, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]






43
RULE L1920.52
 HEARING BY MASTER. REPORTER FEE. CONTINUANCE.
 (a ) The Court Reporter fee for Master’s Hearings will be one hundred ($100) dollars
 per party.
(1) If there are no continuances of the Master’s Hearing, the parties may request and
will receive a refund of fifty ($50) per party once the Hearing has been
completed.
(2) The Hearing may be continued without a loss of the refund if the continuance is
requested more than ten (10) days prior to the Hearing date; or if the President
Judge has approved a continuance necessitated by a required appearance in the
Common Pleas Court or other extenuating circumstance within ten (10) days of
the hearing.
(b ) Once a Master’s Hearing has been scheduled, any settlement reached by the
 parties less than ten (10) days prior to the Hearing must be placed on the record
 before the Master. The parties and their counsel must still attend the Hearing
 although participation may occur by telephone if feasible.
(c ) All requests for continuances of a Master’s Hearing (not conference) must be
 made in writing to the Master.
(1 ) If opposing counsel does not consent and/or the Master does not grant the
 request, a Motion to Continue may be filed with the President Judge.
[Adopted April 23, 2009, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]
RULE L1920.53
HEARING BY MASTER. REPORT
(a) Where an action for divorce or annulment has been referred to a master, a
conference shall be held before the master prior to a hearing in the absence of a
court order to the contrary.
(1) The moving party shall deposit an amount to be determined by court order
with the Prothonotary before a master's hearing on an action for divorce or
annulment.
(2) In the event the master believes the amount of time (s)he must devote to
the case will exceed four (4) hours said time, or does exceed four (4)
hours, (s)he may recommend to the court that additional monies be
deposited by a party prior to the hearing or assessed against a party as
costs.
(3) The master's fee shall be taxed as part of the costs and paid as directed in
the final decree.






44
(4) In the event the parties resolve their differences prior to the hearing, all
sums deposited with the Prothonotary for the hearing shall be returned to
the depositor.
(5) In the event the master's fee for the hearing is less than the amount
deposited with the Prothonotary for the hearing, the difference shall be
returned to the depositor. If there was more than one depositor, the
difference shall be returned in proportion to the respective amounts
deposited.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L1920.54
HEARING BY MASTER. REPORT. RELATED CLAIMS.
(a) Where a claim for alimony, alimony pendente lite, bifurcation. equitable
distribution of marital property exclusive possession of the marital residence,
counsel fees, costs, expenses or any aspect thereof, has been referred to a master.
a conference shall be held before the master prior to a hearing in the absence of a
court order to the contrary.
(b) With the exception of claims for alimony, alimony pendente lite, bifurcation,
counsel fees, costs or expenses;
(1) The moving party shall deposit an amount to be determined by court order
with the Prothonotary before the master's hearing: and,
(2) In the event the master believes the amount of time he must devote to the
case will exceed four (4) hours said time or does exceed four (4) hours,
(s)he may recommend to the court that additional monies be deposited by
a party prior to the hearing or assessed against a party as costs.
(3) The master's fee shall be taxed as part of the costs and paid as directed in
the final decree or a separate order.
(4) In the event the parties resolve their differences prior to the hearing, all
sums deposited with the Prothonotary for the hearing shall be returned to
the depositor.
(5) In the event the master's fee for the hearing is less than the amount
deposited with the Prothonotary for the hearing, the difference shall be
returned to the depositor. If there was more than one depositor, the
difference shall be returned in proportion to the respective amounts
deposited.
(6) The notes of testimony will not be transcribed unless exceptions are filed.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






45
RULE L1920.55-2
MASTER'S REPORT. NOTICE. EXCEPTIONS. FINAL DECREE.
(a) Exceptions to a master's report must be filed with the Prothonotary within the
time prescribed by law.
(1) The party filing the exceptions shall serve a copy thereof on the date of
filing on every other party, the appointing judge, the master, the court
administrator and the court reporter by first class mail, postage prepaid, or
by handing them a true and correct copy thereof.
(2) After receipt of notice of the filing of exceptions to a master's report, the
court administrator shall schedule a conference before the appointing
judge.
(3) At the conclusion of the conference, an order will be entered setting forth
what portions of the master's hearing are to be transcribed and setting the
argument date on the exceptions.
(4) The party filing the exceptions shall pay all transcription charges in the
absence of a court order to the contrary.
[ Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE 1920.60
 TERMINATION OF INACTIVE DIVORCE CASES
(a) At least once a year, the Prothonotary of Mercer County shall provide to the
President Judge a list of all those divorce cases that have had no activity of record
for two years or more.
(b) Pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. Rule 230.2(b)(1), the Prothonotary shall then send Notices
of Proposed Termination to counsel of record, or to the parties if not represented,
for those divorce cases having no activity for two years or more.
(c) Pursuant to Rule of Judicial Administration Rule 1901(c)(2), the Prothonotary
shall advertise one time in the Mercer County Law Journal the list of all those
divorce cases where the Notice of Proposed Termination could not be given by
mail or had been returned undelivered. In addition to the list of cases, said
advertisement shall include a Notice of Proposed Termination and the statement:
“You have thirty (30) days to respond to this Notice by filing a Statement of
Intention to Proceed pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. Rule 230.2(g).”
(d) The Prothonotary shall comply with all other provisions found in Pa.R.C.P. Rule
230.2 when terminating inactive divorce cases that have been properly served a
Notice of Termination.
(e) The President Judge shall comply with Pa.R.C.P. Rule 230.2(d) regarding an
aggrieved party seeking to reinstate a terminated divorce case.






46
[ Adopted March 15, 2022, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]
RULES RELATING TO DOMESTIC RELATIONS
MATTERS GENERALLY
RULE L1930.7
FLAT FILING OF PAPERS
All papers filed with the clerk of the Domestic Relations Section shall be prepared for flat
filing on paper approximately 8 ½ inches x 11 inches in size. Such papers shall contain
on their face the following information: designation of the Court, designation of the
section of the Court, date of filing, file number, caption, title of pleading, notice to plead
or other form of notice, certification when applicable, name, address, Supreme Court
number, and telephone number of the attorney or law firm filing the pleading upon whom
papers may be served when applicable.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L1930.8
CLERK OF THE DOMESTIC RELATIONS SECTION
(a) The clerk of the Domestic Relations Section shall immediately endorse all papers
submitted for docket filing with the date of such filing. The clerk of the Domestic
Relations Section shall enter all rules, pleading and other papers submitted for
docket filing in every case in the docket maintained by the Domestic Relations
Section.
(b) The clerk of the Domestic Relations Section shall be responsible for the
safekeeping of all records and papers submitted for docket filing in the Domestic
Relations Office.
(c) No entry shall be made in the docket except at the direction of the clerk of the
Domestic Relations Section or by Order of Court, except an Entry of Appearance
by counsel.
(d) All papers filed with the clerk of the Domestic Relations Section shall be
designated numerically starting with the number 1 for each calendar year and
followed by the alphabetical symbols "D. R." and the year of filing.
[ Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania
Bulletin.]






47
RULE L1930.9
INFORMATION TO CONSUMER CREDIT BUREAUS
(a) The Domestic Relations Section shall, before releasing information as to
arrearage for support owing by any obligor, notify the obligor by regular mail by
sending the following notice:
This Notice is sent to inform you that
__________________________________________________________________
(Name of Consumer Credit Bureau of organization)
of _______________________________________________________________
(Address)
has requested information as to the arrearage you owe under your support Order
through the Domestic Relations Section of the Court of Common Pleas of Mercer
County, Pennsylvania. Our records indicate your arrearages are
$________________ as of ______________ , 20___.
This information will be released to said Credit Bureau unless, within 20 days of
this date, we receive a written objection from you contesting the accuracy of the
calculated arrearages or stating a valid reason why the information should not be
made available.
_______________, 20 ____
__________________________
Director, Domestic Relations
(b) A fee will be imposed by the Domestic Relations Section upon the Consumer
Credit Bureau of organization requesting information.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






48
INCAPACITATED PERSONS AS PARTIES
RULE L2056
PROCEDURE WHEN INCAPACITY OF A PARTY IS
ASCERTAINED
Except as otherwise directed by the court, notice shall be given by personal service on
such guardian, or by leaving a copy of the notice at his/her residence or place of business,
or by mailing a notice by registered or certified mail. If service, as above cannot be made,
then notice shall be given by such publication as the court may direct.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
UNINCORPORATED ASSOCIATIONS AS PARTIES
RULE L2152
ACTIONS BY ASSOCIATIONS
The plaintiff's initial pleading in an action prosecuted by an association shall set forth the
names and addresses of all officers thereof or of all persons known to be holding
themselves out as such. In case the said officers do not constitute the trustees ad litem, or
have not consented to the prosecution of the action by consent in writing attached to the
initial pleading, the plaintiffs shall serve notice, in the manner provided in the
Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure of the bringing of the action upon said officers
within ten (10) days thereafter and file proof thereof in the action; otherwise, the action
shall be automatically stayed until such proof is filed.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






49
ACTIONS FOR WRONGFUL DEATH
RULE L2205
NOTICE TO PERSONS ENTITLED TO DAMAGES
The notice shall in all cases be given personally or by registered or certified mail to each
person entitled by law to recover damages in the action, unless the plaintiff shall file an
affidavit that the identity or whereabouts of any such person is unknown to him after
diligent search therefore, in which case the plaintiff shall cause the notice to be advertised
once in a newspaper of general circulation published in Mercer County and in the Mercer
County Law Journal.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT FOR MONEY
RULE L2952
CONFESSED JUDGMENTS
When a judgment is entered upon any instrument containing a warrant of attorney, which
instrument accompanies a mortgage, a statement shall be placed in the complaint
showing the book and the page where said mortgage is recorded. If the instrument is
entered without a complaint a statement shall be placed upon the instrument itself.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
ENFORCEMENT OF MONEY JUDGMENTS FOR
THE PAYMENT OF MONEY
RULE L3110
EXECUTION AGAINST CONTENTS OF SAFE DEPOSIT BOX
When the plaintiff seeks to serve a party by publication as provided in paragraph (c) of
R.C.P. 3110, it shall be sufficient service to publish said notice once in a newspaper of
general circulation in Mercer County and once in the Mercer County Law Journal. Proofs
of publication shall be filed.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






50
RULE L3112
SERVICE OF THE WRIT UPON GARNISHEE, REAL PROPERTY
OF DEFENDANT IN NAME OF THIRD PARTY
Whenever a party seeks to serve a garnishee by publication as provided in paragraph (c)
of R.C.P. 3112, it shall be sufficient service to publish said notice once in a newspaper of
general circulation in Mercer County and once in the Mercer County Law Journal. Proofs
of publication shall be filed.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L3123
DEBTOR'S EXEMPTION
The sheriff following an appraisal or designation shall immediately thereafter and before
sale give notice thereof by first class United States mail to all interested parties of the
appraisal or designation, which notice shall set forth the right of appeal to the Court of
Common Pleas within forty-eight (48) hours thereof.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]
RULE L3128
NOTICE OF SALE
PERSONAL PROPERTY
One copy of the handbill shall be mailed by certified United States mail to the defendant
by the sheriff.
[Adopted July 19, 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]






51
DEPOSITIONS AND DISCOVERY
RULE L4010
PHYSICAL AND MENTAL EXAMINATION OF PERSONS
When a mental or physical examination has been made pursuant to R.C.P. 4010, counsel
shall be prepared to deliver and exchange medical reports, as provided therein, not more
than five (5) days after any report, written or oral, has been received.
[AdoptedJuly 19 2004, effective 30 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.]











































































~
https://www.mercercountypa.gov/localrules/administration/local.rules.of.judicial.administration.pdf 2025-10-02
MERCER COUNTY LOCAL RULE OF JUDICIAL ADMINISTRATION 4004(B)
Court Reporter Qualifications:
(1) On or before the 15th day of January of each year, every court reporter shall
provide to the lead court reporter the number of continuing professional education
hours that the court reporter completed for the just ended calendar year.
(2) On or before the 31st day of January of each year, the lead court reporter shall
provide a report to the President Judge and District Court Administrator of the hours
of continuing professional education that each court reporter has completed during
the three (3) year requalifying period. The qualifying period shall coincide with the
three (3) year cycle of any court reporter that is currently in an NCRA continuing
education cycle.










































































~
https://www.mercercountypa.gov/localrules/Orphans/Preface.HTM 2025-10-02
On January 1, 1959, the Orphans' Court of Mercer County revised and adopted the Local Rules of the Mercer County Orphans' Court. Since that time, the Supreme Court Orphans' Court Rules have been renumbered and amended, and the Probate, Estates and Fiduciaries Code has been enacted. As a consequence, the Orphans' Court Division of the Court of Common Pleas of Mercer County decided that it would be appropriate to now revise and amend its existing Orphans' Court Rules.

The following rules represent a complete revision of the former rules, and include such changes as were made necessary by the amendments to the Supreme Court Orphans' Court Rules and by the Probate, Estates and Fiduciaries Code.

The Mercer County Orphans' Court Rules are arranged to correspond as nearly as possible with those of the Supreme Court. Both sets of rules are set forth in their entirety, the Local Rule being preceded by the Supreme Court Rule. The number of a Local Rule which precedes a colon (:) is identical to the number of the Supreme Court Rule to which it refers. The number of a Local Rule which follows a colon (:) indicates its sequence in relation to other Local Rules dealing with the same topic. In addition, the Supreme Court Orphans' Court Rules, although accurate as of the date of the adoption of these Local Rules, may be amended and revised from time to time. Therefore, Members of the Bar are cautioned not to rely upon the Supreme Court Rules, which are set forth herein merely for their convenience, but to refer always to the current edition of the Supreme Court Rules.

Rules Committee:

M.L. McBride, Esquire, Chairman
David Goodwin, Esquire
John C. Reed, Esquire
James A. Stranahan, III, Esquire

Order
IN RE

REVISION AND
RESTATEMENT OF
THE RULES OF
COURT FOR THE
COMMON PLEAS COURT--
ORPHANS' COURT
DIVISION	:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:

ORDER
AND NOW, this 13 day of April, 1984, the attached revision and restatement of the Rules of the Court of Common Pleas of Mercer County -- Orphans' Court Division, having been recommended by the Rules Committee, the same are approved, adopted and promulgated as the Rules of the Court of Common Pleas -- Orphans' Court Division, to become effective June 15, 1984.

BY THE COURT:
John Q. Stranahan, President Judge
Albert E. Acker, Judge
Francis J. Fornelli, Judge










































































~
https://www.mercercountypa.gov/localrules/Orphans/Local.Orphans.Court.Rules.pdf 2025-10-02
1
LOCAL RULES
of the
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS OF
MERCER COUNTY, 35TH JUDICIAL
DISTRICT
Supplementing the
Orphans’ Court Rules
Promulgated by the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
TABLE OF CONTENTS
RULE 1. PRELIMINARY RULES
Local Rule 1.3:1 Definitions
Local Rule 1.9 Costs
Local Rule 1.10 Acknowledgment and Satisfaction
Local Rule 1.11 Certificates of Fiduciary Appointment
Local Rule 1.12 Witnesses. Attachments
Local Rule 1.13 Individual Sureties
Local Rule 1.14 Corporate Sureties
Local Rule 1.15 Assets and Investments
Local Rule 1.16 Court Depository
Local Rule 1.17 Termination of Inactive Cases
Local Rule 1.18 Argument Court
RULE 2. ACCOUNTS, OBJECTIONS, AND DISTRIBUTION
Local Rule 2.5:1 Contents of Notice, Additional Requirements
Local Rule 2.5:2 Advertisement of Accounts
Local Rule 2.5:3 Notice of Advertisement
Local Rule 2.9:1 Form of Statement of Proposed Distribution
Local Rule 2.9:2 Accounts
Local Rule 2.9:3 Distribution without Audit
Local Rule 2.10 Report by Fiduciary
Local Rule 2.11:1 Appointment and Duties of Official Examiners
Local Rule 2.11:2 Compensation of Official Examiners
2
RULE 3. PETITIONS, PRACTICE AND PLEADING
Local Rule 3.1:1 Hearing Judge
Local Rule 3.1:2 Hearings
RULE 5. RULES COVERING SPECIFIC TYPES OF PETITIONS
Local Rule 5.2:1 Appraisal
Local Rule 5.2:2 Voluntary Distribution
Local Rule 5.2:3 Conclusiveness of Averments
Local Rule 5.2:4 Appraisal. Notice. Practice and Procedure
Local Rule 5.4:1 Extension of Time. Contents of Petition
Local Rule 5.4:2 Extension of Time. Practice and Procedure
Local Rule 5.5:1 Guardians and Trustees Ad Litem. Appointment
and Compensation
Local Rule 5.6:1 Information Required from Counsel
Local Rule 5.6:2 Minor’s Estate. Restricted Account
Local Rule 5.6:3 Minor’s Estate Not Exceeding Statutory Limitation
Local Rule 5.6:4 Minor’s Estate. Allowances
Local Rule 5.8:1 Discharge of a Fiduciary. Additional Provisions
Local Rule 5.9:1 Partition. Additional Provisions
RULE 9. AUDITORS AND MASTERS
Local Rule 9.1:1 Notice of Hearings
Local Rule 9.6:1 Notice of Filing Report. Preliminary Exceptions
Local Rule 9.7:1 Confirmation of Auditor’s Reports. Exceptions
Local Rule 9.7:2 Confirmation of Master’s Reports. Exceptions
Local Rule 9.7:3 Approval of Expenses and Fees prior to Confirmation
Local Rule 9.8:1 Absolute Confirmation. Auditor’s and Master’s
Expenses and Fees
RULE 10. REGISTER OF WILLS
Local Rule 10.4:1 Notice of Appeal
Local Rule 10.4:2 Petition for Appeal
Local Rule 10.4:3 Certification and Citation
Local Rule 10.4:4 Argument List and Hearing
Local Rule 10.4:5 Grant of Jury Trial
3
RULE 14. INCAPACITATED PERSON’S ESTATE
Local Rule 14.2:1 Incapacitated Person’s Estate. Proof of Service
RULE 15. ADOPTIONS
Local Rule 15.5(a):2 Preliminary Order and Decree of Adoption
4
RULE 1. JUDGES – LOCAL RULES
LOCAL RULE 1.3:1 Definitions
In addition to those words and phrases defined by the Supreme Court Rules, the
following words and phrases when used in these Local Rules unless the context
clearly indicates otherwise shall have the meaning ascribed to them in this Local
Rule:
“Hearing Judge” means that Judge to whom a motion, petition or other pleading
is presented.
LOCAL RULE 1.9 Costs
When not otherwise regulated by law, the Court will allocate costs in such
manner as it deems equitable.
LOCAL RULE 1.10 Acknowledgment and Satisfaction
Acknowledgment of satisfaction of all sums of money or property ordered to be
paid or delivered by any award or decree of this Court shall be in writing and
filed with the Clerk, or acknowledged in such other manner as the Court may
require.
LOCAL RULE 1.11 Certificates of Fiduciary Appointment
The Clerk shall not issue a certificate of appointment of any fiduciary, excluding
personal representatives, until the security, if any required, has been entered.
LOCAL RULE 1.12 Witnesses. Attachment
Attachment to compel the appearance of a witness will not be issued, except
under special circumstances, and unless the witness shall have been served with
a subpoena at least twenty-four (24) hours before the date for hearing.
LOCAL RULE 1.13 Individual Sureties
a. Application for Approval. Justification for Surety – Except as otherwise
provided by paragraph (b) of this Local Rule, an application for the approval of an
individual surety shall be accompanied by a justification of surety, in affidavit
form, of the proposed surety, setting forth:
1. name, residence address;
2. location of any real property owned;
5
3. a brief description of the real estate and what it consists of;
4. how, or from whom, the real estate was obtained and when
obtained;
5. that the surety or sureties do not contemplate selling of said
property;
6. any encumbrance upon the real property;
7. the assessed value of the property for taxation purposes; and
8. a certification of the value of said property.
b. Bond Without Surety. Confession of Judgment – The Court, in its
discretion may permit an interested party to execute an individual bond, without
surety. When an interested party is authorized to execute an individual bond or
individual surety is approved, the Court may direct that the bond to be executed
contain a warrant of attorney to confess judgment, with or without default, and
that judgment thereon be entered of record in the Office of the Prothonotary.
LOCAL RULE 1.14 Corporate Sureties
a. In General – Surety companies duly authorized to do business in this
Commonwealth may become surety on any bond or obligation required to be
filed in Court.
b. Exceptions – Except where required by statute or for special cause
shown, a bond will not be required of an approved corporate fiduciary.
LOCAL RULE 1.15 Assets and Investments
a. Segregation and Designation of Assets – Assets held by individual
fiduciaries subject to the jurisdiction of the Court shall be kept separate and
apart from their individual assets and, except where otherwise permitted by Act
of Assembly, shall be held in the name of the fiduciary as such.
b. Deposit of Uninvested Funds – All funds held uninvested shall be
deposited in a bank or banks, or trust company 9or trust companies, the deposits
of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in such
manner as to obtain the maximum deposit insurance coverage.
LOCAL RULE 1.16 Court Depository
a. Official Depository – The Court will, from time to time, designate a
banking institution as the official depository of the Court.
b. Deposits – Monies and securities paid or delivered into the Court shall
immediately, upon the receipt thereof by the Clerk, be deposited with the Court
depository or credited to the proper estate or proceeding. The depository shall
keep separate accounts for each payment and delivery and designate each by
name of the proper estate or proceedings.
6
c. Withdrawal Orders – No money shall be paid or delivered by such
depository except upon the check or order of the Clerk, countersigned by a
Judge of the Court, and accompanied by a certificate endorsed on the check or
order, under the hand of the Clerk and the seal of the Court, that the money or
property was ordered to be paid or delivered.
d. Accounting by Clerk – Each year, or at such other times as the Court may
direct, the Clerk shall have the bank or deposit book settled by the depository
and shall make and present to the Court an account of the monies paid into and
out of the account, and shall exhibit the deposit book as a voucher for the
correctness thereof.
LOCAL RULE RULE 1.17 Termination of Inactive Cases
During the month of April of each year, the Clerk of the Orphans’ Court shall
determine in which matters not concluded there has been no activity during the
previous two years. The Clerk of the Orphans’ Court shall then give notice in
each such matter as provided by Pa.R.J.A. 1901(c). If no action is taken, or no
written objection stating good cause is filed in such matter within 30 days, the
Clerk of the Orphans’ Court shall enter an order terminating the matter. If
written objection is filed in such matter within 30 days, the Clerk of the Orphans’
Court shall list the matter for the next available Argument List without further
praecipe and give notice to all parties. Failure of any party to appear and to
show good cause may result in the dismissal of the action.
Where publication is required, such publication shall be twice printed in the
Mercer County Law Journal.
LOCAL RULE 1.18 Argument Court
a. Time – Argument Court shall be held on the first Monday of each month
unless otherwise specially ordered by the Court in any particular case.
b. Listing and Notice thereof – All cases for argument shall be placed on the
Argument List at least thirty (30) days prior to the argument by praecipe to the
Clerk. A copy of the praecipe ordering the case on the Argument List shall be
sent to the opposing counsel and to the Court Administrator by the party placing
the case on the Argument List, which praecipe shall include the name of the
opposing counsel and whether the matter listed requires the taking of
testimony.
c. Scheduling – The Court Administrator shall give notice to all counsel that
the case has been placed on the Argument List and said notice shall contain the
date upon which argument will be held. The Argument List shall also be
published in the Mercer County Law Journal.
d. Briefs – At least fifteen (15) days before the date of Argument Court, it
shall be the duty of counsel for the rule or motion, or petitioner, objector or
7
party filing preliminary objections, to serve on adverse counsel a typewritten
brief on paper 8 ½ inches by 11 inches in size, double spaced, except for
quotations containing a concise statement of the relevant facts, the questions
involved, the argument, and the authorities relied upon. Counsel for the adverse
party may prepare a brief which need only contain an argument and authorities
relied upon, but counsel may add a counter statement of the facts, and a
counter statement of the questions involved. Unless counsel does so, however,
it will be assumed counsel is satisfied with them or such parts of them as
remained unchallenged. At least five (5) days before Argument Court, counsel
shall serve a copy of the reply brief upon opposing counsel, and copies of both
briefs shall be delivered to the Court Administrator at least five (5) days before
Argument Court. If either party fails to file a brief in accordance with these Local
Rules, the Court shall dispose of the argument without brief.
RULE 2. ACCOUNTS, OBJECTIONS AND DISTRUBTION
Local Rule 2.5:1 Contents of Notice. Additional Requirements
The notice to interested parties shall set forth the date on which the account will
be confirmed, and that the account will be confirmed unless objections are filed
before the account is confirmed.
Local Rule 2.5:2 Advertisement of Accounts
All accounts required by law to be filed with the Clerk shall be advertised by the
Clerk in the manner prescribed by law and shall also state that unless
objections are filed before the date set for confirmation, the account will
be approved and that thereafter distribution may be decreed by the Court,
without reference to an auditor, in accordance with any statement of proposed
distribution filed with the account.
Local Rule 2.5:3 Notice and Advertisement
Notice and advertisement of a statement of proposed distribution shall be given
at the same time and in the same manner as the account as provided in Local
Rules 2.5:1 and 2.5:2.
Local Rule 2.9:1 Accounts
The accounts of fiduciaries shall be presented to Court for confirmation at the
date and time set for confirmation of accounts by the Court as set forth in the
Annual Court Calendar, unless otherwise directed by the Court.
8
Local Rule 2.9:2 Confirmation
a. Unless objections are filed in accordance with Orphans’ Court Rule 2.7,
the confirmation of accounts and statements of proposed distribution filed with
accounts shall be confirmed. The confirmation of the account and any
statement of proposed distribution filed with the account shall be placed upon
the record by the Clerk.
b. No account, or statement of proposed distribution filed with any account,
shall be considered finally approved except by written affirmation by the Clerk as
hereinbefore provided or by order of Court; and such final approval, if relating to
a statement of proposed distribution filed with any account, shall expressly state
that it is a final confirmation of the account and the statement of proposed
distribution filed therewith.
Local Rule 2.9:3 Form of Statement of Proposed Distribution
The statement of proposed distribution shall specify the names of the person or
persons to whom the balance available for distribution is awarded, the exact
amount of share awarded to such person or persons, and whether the proposed
distribution is in cash or in kind.
Local Rule 2.9:4 Confirmation of Title to Real Property
a. In General – When the account and the statement of proposed
distribution filed therewith has been finally affirmed as hereinbefore provided,
such affirmation shall be in the nature of confirmation of title to real property in
the respective distributes.
b. Separate Awards – A schedule of distribution shall set forth separate
awards of real property in separate paragraphs.
c. Description – Real property shall be described in the manner appearing
in the last deed of record, or in some other proper manner, and in addition, shall
include information pertinent to the derivation of title.
d. Certification by Clerk – The Clerk may, at the request of any interested
party, certify excerpts from a decree of distribution for recording in any public
office for recording deeds.
Local Rule 2.9:5 Distribution Without Audit
After confirmation of the account, the Court, on motion or petition, may decide
that the matter does not call for reference to an auditor and may decree
distribution substantially in conformance with the statement of proposed
distribution filed with the account, provided such motion or petition is
accompanied by:
9
1. an affidavit or verification by the accountant or one of the next of
kin or beneficiaries stating the names and addresses of all the
beneficiaries, and that they are all sui juris, or if not, the names
and addresses of their fiduciaries;
2. a statement by the attorney for the accountant that the schedule
of distribution is correct and in accordance with law; and
3. a proposed decree of distribution.
Local Rule 2.10 Report by Fiduciary
The report required by the Supreme Court Rules shall be submitted to the Court
or to an auditor appointed by the Court, and shall include substantially the
following:
1. Unknown Distributee – If it appears that the identity or
whereabouts of a distributee is unknown, or there are no known
beneficiaries, the fiduciary shall submit a written report, sworn to
or verified by the fiduciary or his counsel, setting forth:
A. The nature of the investigation made to locate the
beneficiaries or heirs of the decedent, in complete
detail; and
B. in cases of intestacy, a family tree, as complete as
possible under the circumstances, supported by
such documentary evidence as the fiduciary has
been able to obtain.
2. Investigation Defined – The term “investigation” as used in this
Local Rule, shall include inquiry of or as to as many of the
following as may be pertinent and feasible: residents of the
household in which the decedent resided; friends and neighbors;
labor union membership; places of employment; social fraternal,
or beneficial organization; insurance records; church membership;
school records; social security , Veterans’ Administration, or
military service records; naturalization records, if not native born;
and such other sources of information as the circumstance may
suggest.
3. Non-Resident Distributee – If the fiduciary requests the Court to
withhold distribution to a non-resident distribute, the fiduciary
shall submit a written report, sworn to or verified by the fiduciary
or the fiduciary’s counsel, which shall set forth:
A. the relationship of the distributee to the decedent,
and any available information concerning the
distributee’s present whereabouts;
B. in cases of intestacy, a family tree, as complete as
possible under the circumstances, supported by
10
such documentary evidence as the fiduciary has
been able to obtain; and
C. the reason for the request that distribution be
withheld, and the suggested manner of
withholding.
Local Rule 2.11:1 Appointment and Duties of Official Examiners
In the exercise of its visitorial and supervisory powers over charitable trusts the
Court will, in its discretion, from time to time, by general rule or special order,
direct the official examiner, or a special examiner appointed for the purpose, to
make an examination of the assets of a designated trust and an investigation to
determine whether the purposes of the trust are being carried out in the manner
provided by the trust instrument; and to submit to the Court a written report
thereon which shall follow as nearly as may be the form prescribed by theses
Local Rules for a master’s report and shall contain specific recommendation for
the Court’s consideration.
Local Rule 2.11:2 Compensation of Official Examiners
a. In General – Each estate or trust shall be liable for the compensation of
the examiner based upon a schedule of fees fixed by the Court. In special
circumstances, the compensation of the examiner will be fixed by special
order of the Court.
b. Charitable Trusts – Each charitable estate or trust shall be liable for the
compensation of the examiner in such amount as the Court shall
specifically fix in each case.
RULE 3. PETITION, PRACTICE AND PLEADINGS
Local Rule 3.1:1 Hearing Judge
When a proceeding on a particular estate or matter has been previously heard
by a Hearing Judge, all subsequent proceedings pertaining to the same estate or
matter, whenever possible, shall be presented to the same Hearing Judge.
Local Rule 3.1:2 Hearings
Petitions and motions shall have attached thereto a proposed order of Court,
which shall be prepared by the party presenting the petition or motion, and
which shall include a date and time for a hearing and for the taking of testimony,
11
if necessary.
RULE 5. RULES COVERING SPECIFIC TYPES OF PETITIONS
Local Rule 5.2:1 Appraisal
a. When Appraisal Unnecessary – Unless otherwise directed by the Court,
no appraisal shall be required if the exemption is claimed:
1. from personal property; or
2. wholly or in part from real estate, if all parties in interest
agree on the valuation.
b. Procedure for Appraisal When Required –
1. Upon petition the Court may appoint two (2) appraisers
who shall, within thirty (30) days after their appointment,
file with the Clerk an appraisal of the property claimed.
2. Upon the filing of the appraisal with the Clerk, the
appraisers shall also give notice thereof to the personal
representative and to the next of kin; and, if there be
neither personal representative nor next of kin, to the
Attorney General.
3. The notice shall contain a copy of the petition and the
appraisal, and a statement that nisi confirmation of the
appraisal will be requested and may be allowed by the
Court at a stated date, and unless objections are filed
thereto, the appraisal shall be confirmed thereafter by the
Clerk without further Order of Court. Said notice shall be
given by the petitioner not less than twenty (20) days prior
to the date set for confirmation.
Local Rule 5.2:2 Voluntary Distribution
When the personal representative, at his own risk, delivers assets of the estate
in satisfaction of the exemption, he shall set forth the same as a credit in the
account. The same may be the subject of objection by any claimant of interested
party.
Local Rule 5.2:3 Conclusiveness of Averments
If the averments of the petition are not conclusive as to the right of the
individual to the allowance being claimed, the matter may be referred to a
master, auditor, or to a Hearing Judge.
12
Local Rule 5.2:4 Appraisal. Notice. Practice and Procedure
a. Filing of Appraisal – The appraisers shall, within thirty (30) days
after their appointment, file with the Clerk an appraisal of the
property claimed.
b. Notice of Appraisal – Upon the filing of the appraisal, notice
thereof shall be given to the personal representative and to the
next of kin, and if there be neither personal representative nor
the next of kin, to the Attorney General. The notice shall contain
a copy of the petition and appraisal, and a statement that
confirmation of the appraisal will occur on a stated date and the
setting apart of the real estate to the individual who will be
requesting the family exception and may be allowed by the Court
at a stated time, and unless exceptions are filed before the date of
confirmation. Said notice shall be given not less than twenty (20)
days prior to the date set for confirmation. If the address or
whereabouts of any of the next of kin is unknown, notice shall be
given in such manner as the Court shall direct.
c. Confirmation and Setting Apart of Allowance – Unless exceptions
are filed, the appraisal and award of real estate shall be
confirmed.
d. Objections – Objections to an appraisement shall be filed with the
Clerk before confirmation. Copies of the objection shall be served
on the fiduciary, if any, and on the individual who will be
requesting the family exemption or their attorney within five (5)
days after filing. If objections are filed, the matter may be placed
on the Argument List by praecipe for disposition.
e. Claim for Money – If the entire claim is for money, which need
not be appraised, claim may be made at or before the audit of the
fiduciary’s account, provided no payment shall be made to the
spouse until it appears that the money claimed is not required for
payment of debts.
Local Rule 5.4:1 Extension of Time. Contents of Petition
A petition for the extension of time in which the surviving spouse may file an
election to take against the Will shall comply with all existing Orphans’ Court
Rules.
Local Rule 5.4:2 Extension of Time. Practice and Procedure
The petitioner shall file the petition with the Clerk and thereafter given twenty
(20) days written notice of intention to request the extension at a stated day to
13
all persons adversely affected thereby who do not join in the prayer of the
petition. In the absence of objection, upon the presentation of a Certificate of
Service on or after said day, an appropriate decree may be entered by the Court.
Local Rule 5.5:1 Guardians and Trustees Ad Litem. Appointment and
Compensation
Each estate shall be liable for the compensation of the guardian ad litem or the
trustee ad litem based upon a schedule of fees fixed by the Court. In special
circumstances, the compensation of the guardian ad litem or the trustee ad
litem will be fixed by special order of the Court.
Local Rule 5.6:1 Information Required from Counsel
At the time of the presentation of the petition for the appointment of an
individual guardian, for a minor’s estate, counsel shall state the following in
court:
1. the total amount of the assets;
2. whether or not the minor resides in the same household with the
proposed guardian; and
3. whether it is proposed to deposit the share of the minor in a
restricted account.
Local Rule 5.6:2 Minor’s Estate. Restricted Account
a. Waiver of Security – In lieu of the entry of security, the Court, in the
decree appointing the guardian, may authorize the guardian to deposit
the funds of the minor in an interest-bearing deposit insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation subject to the express restriction,
to be noted on the records of the institution, that no withdrawals shall be
made therefrom without order of Court, with a further requirement that
the evidence of the deposit or investment, marked to indicate the
restriction, shall be promptly exhibited to the Court.
b. Limitation – The deposit under paragraph (1) of this Local Rule shall not
exceed the statutory limitation as provided in Section 5103 of the
Probate, Estates, and Fiduciaries Code (20 Pa.C.S. § 5103).
c. Payment at Majority of Minor –
1. The decree of the Court may contain a further provision
that if no withdrawals are made from the account during
minority, the institution may pay over the funds when the
minor attains his majority, upon the joint agreement of
the guardian and the former minor without further order
of the Court.
14
2. If, upon subsequent order of the Court, withdrawals have
been made from the account during minority, the guardian
shall file a petition for discharge upon the minor attaining
his majority. There shall be attached to the petition:
A. an affidavit or verified statement in the
nature of an account, containing items of
administration, distribution, principal, and
income, which shall be separately stated;
B. an affidavit or verified statement by the
guardian setting forth the date the minor
attained his majority; that he has examined
the account, that he has received the
money, or benefit of the money, for which
credit is taken in the account; that he
approves the account and requests that it
be confirmed; and that, upon distribution to
him of the balance shown thereon, subject
to such additional credits as may be
authorized by law and set forth in the
petition and order, he agrees that the
guardian shall be discharged.
d. Additional Assets – When the guardian has received assets in addition to
the deposit or investment made in accordance with this Local Rule, he
shall account as if the restricted account did not form part of the estate.
Local Rule 5.6:3 Minor’s Estate Not Exceeding Statutory Limitation
a. Disposition. In General – If the value of the real and personal estate of a
minor does not exceed the statutory limitation as provided in Section
5103 of the Probate, Estates, and Fiduciaries Code (20 Pa.C.S.A. § 5103),
the Court may:
1. authorize payment or delivery thereof to the minor or the
parent or other person maintaining the minor;
2. direct the deposit of the minor in a restricted account in
the name of a natural guardian of the minor or of the
minor individually; or
3. make such provision for the retention or deposit of
securities or other assets as the Court shall deem for the
best interests of the minor.
b. Mortgage or Sale of Real Property – If the value of the entire estate of a
minor does not exceed the statutory limitation as provided in Section
5103 of the Probate, Estates, and Fiduciaries Code (20 Pa.C.S.A. § 5103),
the Court upon petition, may authorize the parent or other person
maintaining the minor to convey or mortgage any real property forming a
15
part or all of such estate, without the appointment of a guardian or the
entry of security. The petition shall conform to the requirements of the
provisions governing the same or mortgage of real property by a
guardian. The order of the Court may be conditioned upon the deposit of
the proceeds of the sale or mortgage in a restricted account.
Local Rule 5.6:4 Minor’s Estate. Allowances
a. In General. Responsibility of Guardian – Expenditures from income for
the benefit of the minor, and counsel fees in a nominal amount for
routine services, whether payable from principal or income, should
ordinarily be made by the guardian upon his own responsibility without
application to the Court for approval.
b. Permissive Petition – The guardian may petition the Court for approval of
periodical payments from income needed for the maintenance, support,
or education of the minor, the minor’s spouse or children.
c. Mandatory Petition – Except as provided in paragraph (1) of this Local
Rule, unless approval by the Court is first obtained, no payments shall be
made by the guardian when payment is to be made from principal, or
when special services have been performed by counsel and the guardian
is in doubt as to the reasonableness of the fee.
d. Contents of Petition. Allowance for Maintenance, Support, or
Education – A petition for an allowance from a minor’s estate for the
maintenance, support or education of the minor, the minor’s spouse or
children, shall set forth:
1. the manner of the guardian’s appointment and
qualification, and the dates thereof; and the terms of the
instrument creating the estate;
2. the age and residence of the minor; whether the minor’s
parents are living; the name of the person with whom the
minor resides, and, if married, the name and age of the
minor’s spouse and children;
3. the value of the minor’s estate, real and personal, and the
net annual income;
4. the circumstances of the minor, whether employed or
attending school; if the minor’s parents, or the person
charged with the duty of supporting him, are living, the
financial condition and income of such person and why
they are not discharging their duty to support the minor;
and whether there is adequate provision for the support
and education of the minor, or the minor’s spouse and
children;
5. the date and amount of any provision previously allowed
by the Court, and the name of the Judge who granted it;
16
6. the financial requirements of the minor and the minor’s
family unit, in detail, and the circumstances making such
allowance necessary; and
7. if the petition is presented by someone other than the
guardian, that demand was made upon the guardian to
act, and the reason, if any given by him/her for his/her
failure to do so.
Local Rule 5.8:1 Discharge of a Fiduciary. Additional Provisions
a. Affidavit or Verification – The affidavit or verified statement to the
petition shall include an averment that the parties who have signed the
consents to discharge are all interested parties in the estate, or the
reason for the failure of any party to consent. If any party shall fail to
consent, the Court may, if the circumstances require, direct the issuance
of notices by citation or otherwise.
b. Exhibits. Consent – Written consent of all interested parties, and of the
surviving or successor fiduciary, shall be attached to the petition. Such
consent may be included in a satisfaction of award attached to the
petition.
c. Discharge of a Personal Representative – When the value of the gross,
real, and personal estate of a decedent does not exceed the value of the
statutory limitation, the personal representative, after the expiration of
one (1) year from the first complete advertisement of the grant of letters,
may present a petition to the Court with an account attached under the
provisions of Section 3531 of the Probate, Estate and Fiduciaries Code (20
Pa.C.S.A. § 3531). The petition shall conform as far as practicable to the
requirements of a petition under Supreme Court Orphans’ Court Rules.
Local Rule 5.9:1 Partition. Additional Provisions
The fiduciary selling real property in a partition proceeding shall file an account
after the sale is completed. The Court may dispose of the matter or may appoint
an auditor to ascertain whether there are nay liens or other encumbrances on
such real property affecting the interests of the parties.
RULE 9. AUDITORS AND MASTERS
Local Rule 9.1:1 Notice of Hearings
a. Original Hearing – Twenty (20) days notice of the time and place of the
first hearing before the auditor or master shall be served, in writing, on
all known heirs, devisees, unpaid legatees, and distributes, or their
attorneys, and to all others by advertisement in one newspaper of
17
general circulation within the county and the Mercer County Law Journal
once a week for three (3) consecutive weeks prior to the date of the
hearing, unless notice be dispensed with by agreement of all interested
parties, or by order of Court. Auditors and masters shall state in their
report the manner and to whom notice was given.
b. Subsequent Hearings – Notice of succeeding hearings given by the
auditor or master, at a hearing or which prior notice has been given, shall
constitute sufficient notice of such succeeding hearings.
Local Rule 9.6:1 Notice of Filing Report. Preliminary Objections
After the report is prepared, the auditor or master shall serve on the parties, or
their attorneys, twenty (20) days written notice of the day fixed for filing the
same and in the meantime, such parties shall be allowed access thereto. Any
party interested may file preliminary exceptions to the report, before the day
fixed for the filing thereof. If preliminary exceptions are filed, the auditor or
maser shall re-examine the report and amend the report if the preliminary
exceptions are, in whole or in part, well founded. If the report is not filed at the
time fixed therefore in said notice, said report shall only be filed after five (5)
days written notice is given to the parties, or their attorneys. The auditor or
master shall certify in the report the manner and time of serving the notice
herein required.
Local Rule 9.7:1 Confirmation of Auditor’s Reports. Objections
All reports of auditors shall be filed in open court at the time and ate set by the
auditor, pursuant to these Rules. Upon the filing of the report, it shall be
confirmed nisi, which confirmation shall be made absolutely by the Clerk without
further order of Court, unless exceptions thereto are filed.
Local Rule 9.7:2 Confirmation of Master’s Reports. Objections
All report of masters shall be filed in open court at the time and date set by the
master pursuant to these Rules. Upon the filing of the report, the Court shall
enter a decree nisi either adopting the master’s recommendations or rejecting
the same. A decree nisi shall be made final by the Clerk without further order of
Court, unless exceptions thereto are filed.
Local Rule 9.7:3 Approval of Expenses and Fees prior to Confirmation
No auditor’s or master’s reports shall be confirmed or otherwise approved until
such time as the Court shall have entered an order approving the amount of
expenses to be reimbursed until and the amount of fees to be awarded until the
18
auditor or master. The Court may assess said expenses and fees upon any party
in interest, as it deems fit.
Local Rule 9.8:1 Absolute Confirmation. Auditor’s and Master’s Expenses
and Fees
No master’s or auditor’s repo0rt shall be confirmed by the Clerk until all
expenses and auditor’s or master’s fees have been paid to the Clerk Upon
confirmation, the Clerk shall pay all expenses and the balance of the auditor’s or
master’s fee to the auditor or master, after deducting ten percent (10%) of the
auditor’s or master’s fee to be paid to the treasurer of the Mercer County Bar
Association.
RULE 10. REGISTER OF WILLS
Local Rule 10.4:1 Notice of Appeal
Any person desiring to appeal from a judicial act or decision of the Register shall
file a written notice thereof with the Register, specifying generally the act or
decision complained of, accompanied by an affidavit or verification that said
appeal is not taken for delay, but because appellant believes that injustice
results from the act or decision which is appealed.
Local Rule 10.4:2 Petition for Appeal
Within thirty (30) days from the filing of the notice of appeal, the appellant shall
present a petition to the Court which shall set forth:
1. the nature of the proceedings before the Register;
2. a copy of any Will in controversy;
3. a statement of the facts and circumstances relied upon;
4. a precise statement of the questions of law or of fact involved;
5. the filing and approval by the Register of the security required by
law; and
6. the names and addresses of all interested parties.
Local Rule 10.4:3 Certification and Citation
a. If the averments of the petition for appeal appear to be prima facie
sufficient, the Court shall award a citation and, if it has not been done by
the Clerk on his/her own motion, order certification of the entire record
of the Clerk to the Court. The citation shall be directed to all interested
parties and shall require them to file a complete answer under oath or
19
verification to the averments of the petition, on or before a day certain
which shall not be less than twenty (20) days after the service thereof,
and to show cause as the decree of the Court shall provide.
b. Proof of service of the citation shall be filed with the Clerk on or before
the return date of the citation.
Local Rule 10.4:4 Argument List and Hearing
After the return date of the citation, any party may place the matter on the
Argument List for the purpose of fixing a time for taking any testimony required
to support the issue or for the argument of any legal issue raised by the
pleadings. After the testimony has been transcribed and filed, any party may
place the matter on the Argument List for purposes of argument.
Local Rule 10.4:5 Grant of Jury Trial
a. Determination by Judge – The Hearing Judge shall determine whether a
jury trial will be granted upon any issue of fact arising upon the
certification of appeal.
b. Decree – If a jury trial is granted, the decree shall specify the issues to be
tried, which may be agreed upon by the parties or as the Hearing Judge
shall determine.
RULE 14. INCAPACITATED PERSON’S ESTATES
Local Rule 14.2:1 Incapacitated Person’s Estate. Proof of Service
Proof of service of notice shall be presented at the hearing. The affidavit or
verification of service shall, in all cases, recite that the petition and citation were
read to the alleged incapacitated person. When the alleged incapacitated
person is in a hospital, service may be made by a physician in charge.
RULE 15. ADOPTIONS
Local Rule 15.5(a):2 Preliminary Order and Decree of Adoption
A petition for adoption shall have attached thereto:
A. A scheduling order in conformance with the applicable statute;
and
B. A proposed decree of adoption.











































































[ State Code [!] ]

~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter100/chap100toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 100. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION
Rule


51.    Title and Citation of Rules.
52.    Effective Date. Application to Pending Actions.
76.    Definitions.
101.    [Rescinded].
102.    [Rescinded].
103.    [Rescinded].
104.    [Rescinded].
105.    Bonds.
106.    [Rescinded].
107.    [Rescinded].
108.    [Rescinded].
126.    Application and Construction of Rules.
127.    [Rescinded].
128.    [Rescinded].
129.    [Rescinded].
130.    [Rescinded].
131.    [Rescinded].
132.    [Rescinded].
133.    [Rescinded].
151.    [Rescinded].
152.    [Rescinded].
153.    [Rescinded].
Rule 51. Title and Citation of Rules.
 These rules shall be known as the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure and may be cited as ‘‘Pa.R.Civ.P.

’’
Comment
   The previous use of ‘‘Pa.R.C.P. No.’’ to cite the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure may not serve as a basis to invalidate a reference to that authority.

   The rules of civil procedure are not applicable in the magisterial district courts. Civil actions and proceedings in magisterial district courts are governed by the Rules of Civil Procedure Governing Actions and Proceedings Before Magisterial District Judges, Pa.R.Civ.P.M.D.J. 201 et seq.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 51 adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended March 28, 1973, effective July 1, 1973; amended June 23, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1819; amended November 14, 1978, effective December 2, 1978, 8 Pa.B. 3410; amended July 8, 2005, effective September 1, 2005, 35 Pa.B. 4087; amended June 10, 2021, effective October 1, 2021, 51 Pa.B. 3442. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (313121).

Rule 52. Effective Date. Application to Pending Actions.
 (a)  A rule or an amendment to a rule shall be effective upon the date specified by the Supreme Court.

 (b)  If no effective date is specified, the rule or amendment shall be effective on the first day of July or January following the thirtieth day after its adoption, whichever is earlier.

 (c)  Unless the Supreme Court specifies otherwise, a rule or an amendment to a rule shall apply to actions pending on the effective date.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 52 amended through April 5, 1982, effective July 1, 1982, 12 Pa.B. 1225. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (40012) and (65222).

Rule 76. Definitions.
 The following words and phrases when used in the Rules of Civil Procedure shall have the following meanings, respectively, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise or the particular word or phrase is expressly defined in the chapter in which the particular rule is included:

   Administrator—A fiduciary appointed under authority of law by a register of wills or other public authority to administer the estate of a decedent.

   Adult—An individual eighteen years of age or over.

   Affidavit—A statement in writing of a fact or facts signed by the person making it, that either (1) is sworn to or affirmed before an officer authorized by law to administer oaths, or before a particular officer or individual designated by law as one before whom it may be taken, and officially certified to in the case of an officer under seal of office, or (2) is unsworn and contains a statement that it is made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

   As now provided by law—A reference to the Acts of Assembly and rules in force at the time the rule containing the phrase was promulgated.

   As provided by law—A reference to the Acts of Assembly and rules in force at the particular time when the rule containing the phrase is applied.

   Attorney at law—An individual admitted to practice law by a court of record of this Commonwealth.

   Attorney of record—An attorney at law who is entered on the docket or record of a court as appearing for or representing a party in a legal proceeding.

   Child or children—Includes children by birth or adoption.

   Commonwealth—The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

   Competent adult—An individual eighteen years of age or older who is neither a party to the action nor an employee or a relative of a party.

   Creditor—One to whom the performance of an obligation is owed.

   Debtor—One who owes to another the performance of an obligation.

   Decedent—Either a testator or person dying intestate.

   Executor—A fiduciary named in a will to execute its provisions and administer the estate of the testator.

   Facsimile copy—A copy of a document transmitted and received by facsimile equipment.

   Fiduciary—An executor, administrator, guardian, committee, receiver, trustee, assignee for the benefit of creditors, and any other person, association, partnership, or corporation, acting in any similar capacity.

   General rule—A Rule of Civil Procedure promulgated by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania under the authority of Article V, Section 10(c) of the Constitution of 1968 or of any Act of Assembly.

   Grantee—One to whom any estate or interest in real property other than a leasehold passes by conveyance.

   Grantor—One from or by whom any estate or interest in real property other than a leasehold passes by conveyance.

   Guardian—A fiduciary legally entrusted with the care and management of the person, or the estate, or both, of a person under a legal disability.

   Ad litem—A fiduciary who is appointed to represent in legal proceedings a person under a legal disability.

   Hereafter—A reference to the time after the time when the rule containing such word becomes effective.

   Heretofore—A reference to the time previous to the time when the rule containing such word becomes effective.

   Judicial sale—A sale conducted by an officer or person authorized for the purpose by some competent tribunal.

   Local rule—A rule of civil procedure promulgated by a court of common pleas.

   Majority—When used in reference to age, means of the age of eighteen years or over.

   Minor—An individual under the age of eighteen years.

   Month—A calendar month.

   Notary—A notary public.

   Oath—Includes affirmation.

   Person—Includes a corporation, partnership and association, as well as a natural person.

   Personal representative—The executor or administrator of a decedent.

   Political subdivision—Any county, city, borough, incorporated town, township, school district, vocational school district, county institution district or municipal or other local authority.

   Official Note

   The definition of the term ‘‘political subdivision in this rule has no bearing upon whether a particular entity is or is not a political subdivision for substantive matters.

   Property—Includes both real and personal property.

   Prothonotary—Includes any officer exercising the powers and performing the duties of the office of prothonotary as set forth in the Judicial Code, and includes the analogous officer in those counties which do not have a prothonotary.

   Publish or published or as applied to the publication of a newspaper of general circulation—Means the place where such newspaper is originally issued and circulated.

   Registered mail—Either registered mail or certified mail.

   Rule—A Rule of Civil Procedure promulgated by the Supreme Court under the authority of Article V, Section 10(c) of the Constitution of 1968, or of any Act of Assembly.

   Savings account—An account in a bank, building and loan association, savings and loan association or other savings institution, in which money is deposited at interest, and subject to withdrawal in whole or in part without notice or after a specified period of notice or at a specified date, and evidenced by a passbook, receipt, certificate of deposit or other muniment of title.

   Signature—Includes

     (1)   mark when the individual cannot write, the individual’s name being written near it, and witnessed by another who writes his or her own name,

     (2)   when used in reference to documents produced by a court of the Unified Judicial System, a handwritten signature, a copy of a handwritten signature, a computer generated signature or a signature created, transmitted, received, or stored by electronic means, by the signer or by someone with the signer’s authorization unless otherwise provided in these rules.

   Sworn—Includes affirmed.

   Verified—When used in reference to a written statement of fact by the signer, means supported by oath or affirmation or made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

   Year—A calendar year.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 76 adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended March 27, 1956, effective July 1, 1956; amended, effective December 22, 1972; amended March 28, 1973, effective July 1, 1973; amended, effective June 23, 1975, 5 Pa.B. 1819; amended November 14, 1978, effective December 2, 1978; amended October 16, 1981, effective October 16, 1981, 11 Pa.B. 3687; amended March 11, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 1274; amended August 3, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 3928; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended May 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2767; amended December 29, 2000, effective July 1, 2001, 31 Pa.B. 137; amended August 19, 2005, effective October 1, 2005, 35 Pa.B. 4914. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (255146) and (272393) to (272395).

Rule 101. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 101 adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (255149).

Rule 102. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 102 adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (255149).

Rule 103. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 103 adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1828; rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (255149).

Rule 104. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 104 adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (255149).

Rule 105. Bonds.
 A rule requiring a bond or undertaking with sureties to be given by any person, shall be construed to permit in lieu thereof a bond given by any indemnity or surety company authorized to do business in this Commonwealth, and approved by the proper authority.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 105 adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Rule 106. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended May 27, 1964, effective June 30, 1964; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 106 rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (255150).

Rule 107. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 107 rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (255150).

Rule 108. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 108 rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (255150).

Rule 126. Application and Construction of Rules.
 (a)  Application. The rules shall be liberally applied to secure the just, speedy, and inexpensive determination of every action or proceeding to which they are applicable. The court at every stage of any such action or proceeding may disregard any error or defect of procedure which does not affect the substantive rights of the parties.

 (b)  Construction. In the construction of the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure, the principles set forth in Pa.R.J.A. 104 to 115 shall be observed.

Comment:
   Former Pa.R.Civ.P. 101—104, 106—108, and 127—153 were rescinded and replaced as follows:


Subject	Former Rule	Current Rule
Principles	Pa.R.Civ.P. 101	Pa.R.J.A. 104
Number/Tense	Pa.R.Civ.P. 102	Pa.R.J.A. 105
Words/Phrases	Pa.R.Civ.P. 103	Pa.R.J.A. 106
Numerals	Pa.R.Civ.P. 104	—
Computation of Time	Pa.R.Civ.P. 106	Pa.R.J.A. 107(a)-(b)
Time—Weeks	Pa.R.Civ.P. 107	Pa.R.J.A. 107(c)
Time—Months	Pa.R.Civ.P. 108	Pa.R.J.A. 107(d)
Liberal Construction	Pa.R.Civ.P. 126	Pa.R.J.A. 109(b)
Court Intent	Pa.R.Civ.P. 127	Pa.R.J.A. 108
Presumptions	Pa.R.Civ.P. 128	Pa.R.J.A. 109
Titles	Pa.R.Civ.P. 129	Pa.R.J.A. 110
Common Law	Pa.R.Civ.P. 130	Pa.R.J.A. 111
In Pari Materia	Pa.R.Civ.P. 131	Pa.R.J.A. 112
Inconsistent	Pa.R.Civ.P. 133	Pa.R.J.A. 115
Controls	Pa.R.Civ.P. 132	Pa.R.J.A. 113
Amendatory	Pa.R.Civ.P. 152	Pa.R.J.A. 114(b)
Merger	Pa.R.Civ.P. 153	Pa.R.J.A. 114(c)

   Official Note

   Adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 126 amended November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (255150) and (405379).

Rule 127. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 127 rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (405379).

Rule 128. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended March 22, 1962, effective April 2, 1962; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 128 rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (405379).

Rule 129. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended September 26, 1990, effective January 1, 1991, 20 Pa.B. 5188.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 129 amended June 10, 2021, effective October 1, 2021, 51 Pa.B. 3442; rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (405379) to (405380).

Rule 130. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 130 rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (405380).

Rule 131. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 131 rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (405380).

Rule 132. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 132 rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (405380) to (405381).

Rule 133. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 133 adopted June 3, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 3010; rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (405381).

Rule 151. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 151 rescinded April 5, 1982, effective April 16, 1982, 12 Pa.B. 1225. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (22240).

Rule 152. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 152 rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (405381).

Rule 153. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Adopted May 1, 1939, effective November 6, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 153 rescinded November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (405381).





























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter200/chap200toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 200. BUSINESS OF COURTS
Rule


201.    Agreements of Attorneys.
202.    [Rescinded].
203.    [Rescinded].
204.    [Rescinded].
204.1.    Pleadings and other Legal Papers. Format.
205.    [Rescinded].
205.1.    Filing Legal Papers. Mailing. Personal Presentation by Attorney Not Necessary.
205.2.    Filing Legal Papers with the Prothonotary.
205.3.    Filing Pleadings and Other Legal Papers with the Prothonotary. Originals and Copies.
205.4.    Electronic Filing and Service of Legal Papers.
205.5.    Cover Sheet.
205.6.    Confidential Information and Confidential Documents. Certification.
206.    [Rescinded].
206.1.    Petition. Definition. Content. Form.
206.2.    Answer.
206.3.    Verification.
206.4.    Rule to Show Cause. Alternative Procedures. Exception.
206.5.    Rule to Show Cause. Discretionary Issuance. Stay. Form of Order. Rule Inapplicable to Petition to Strike Default Judgment.
206.6.    Rule to Show Cause. Issuance as of Course. Stay. Form of Order.
206.7.    Procedure After Issuance of Rule to Show Cause.
207.    [Rescinded].
207.1.    Motion to Exclude Expert Testimony Which Relies Upon Novel Scientific Evidence.
208.    [Rescinded].
208.1.    Motion. Definition. Scope.
208.2.    Motion. Form. Content.
208.3.    Alternative Procedures.
208.4.    Initial Consideration of Motion. Court Orders. Issues of Disputed Fact.
209.    [Rescinded].
210.    Form of Briefs.
211.    Oral Arguments.
212.    Pre-Trial Conference.
212.1.    Civil actions to be tried by jury. Notice of earliest trial date. Time for completing discovery and filing pre-trial statement.
212.2.    Civil actions to be tried by jury. Pre-trial statement. Content. Sanctions.
212.3.    Pre-Trial Conference.
212.4.    Applicability of Rules. Eminent Domain.
212.5.    Settlement Conference.
212.6.    Settlement Conference. Form of Order.
213.    Consolidation, Severance and Transfer of Actions and Issues within a County. Actions for Wrongful Death and Survival Actions.
213.1.    Coordination of Actions in Different Counties.
214.    Preferences on Trial Lists.
215.    [Rescinded].
215.1.    [Rescinded].
216.    Grounds for Continuance.
217.    Costs on Continuance.
218.    Party not Ready When Case is Called for Trial.
219.    View of Premises.
220.    Challenge to the Array.
220.1.    Preliminary Instructions to Prospective and Selected Jurors.
220.2.    Sanctions for Violation of Rule 220.1.
220.3.    Voir Dire of Jurors.
221.    Peremptory Challenges.
222.    Attorneys as Witnesses.
223.    Conduct of the Trial. Generally.
223.1.    Conduct of the Trial. Trial by Jury.
223.2.    Conduct of the Jury Trial. Juror Note Taking.
223.3.    Conduct of the Trial. Actions for Bodily Injury or Death. Jury Instructions on Noneconomic Loss.
224.    Regulation of Order of Proof.
225.    Summing Up.
226.    Points for Charge. Motion for Directed Verdict.
227.    Exceptions.
227.1.    Post-Trial Relief.
227.2.    Court en Banc.
227.3.    Transcript of Testimony.
227.4.    Entry of Judgment Upon Praecipe of a Party.
228.    Testimony as to Misconduct of a Juror.
229.    Discontinuance.
229.1.    Settlement Funds. Failure to Deliver Sanctions.
229.2.    Petition to Transfer Structured Settlement Payment Rights.
230.    Voluntary Nonsuit.
230.1.    Compulsory Nonsuit at Trial.
230.2.    Termination of Inactive Cases.
231.    Second Action.
232.    Counterclaim. Termination of Plaintiff’s Action.
233.    [Rescinded].
233.1.    Frivolous Litigation. Pro Se Plaintiff. Motion to Dismiss.
234.    [Rescinded].
234.1.    Subpoena to Attend and Testify.
234.2.    Subpoena. Issuance. Service. Compliance. Fees. Prisoners.
234.3.    Notice to Attend. Notice to Produce.
234.4.    Subpoena. Notice to Attend. Notice to Produce. Relief from Compliance. Motion to Quash.
234.5.    Failure to Comply with Subpoena. Notice to Attend or Notice to Produce.
234.6.    Form of Subpoena.
234.7.    Form of Notice to Attend.
234.8.    Form of Notice to Produce.
234.9.    Notice and Acknowledgment of Receipt of Subpoena by Mail.
235.    Notice to Attorney General. Constitutionality of Statute. Charitable Bequest or Trust.
236.    Notice by Prothonotary of Entry of Order or Judgment.
237.    Notice of Praecipe for Final Judgment.
237.1.    Notice of Praecipe for Entry of Judgment of Non Pros for Failure to File Complaint or by Default for Failure to Plead.
237.2.    Agreement to Extend Time to Plead Following Notice of Intention to Enter Judgment. Judgment of Non Pros by Default.
237.3.    Relief from Judgment of Non Pros or by Default.
237.4.    Form of Notice of Praecipe to Enter Judgment of Non Pros.
237.5.    Form of Notice of Praecipe to Enter Judgment by Default.
237.6.    Form of Agreement to Extend Time.
238.    Damages for Delay in an Action for Bodily Injury, Death or Property Damage.
239.    Local Rules.
239.1.    Pleadings and Legal Papers. Local Rules 205.2(a) and 205.2(b).
239.2.    Petitions. Rule to Show Cause. Local Rules 206.1(a) and 206.4(c).
239.3.    Motions. Local Rules 208.2(c), 208.2(d), 208.2(e), 208.3(a) and 208.3(b).
239.4.    Briefs. Local Rule 210.
239.5.    Preliminary Objections. Local Rule 1028(c).
239.6.    Motion for Judgment on the Pleadings. Local Rule 1034(a).
239.7.    Motion for Summary Judgment. Local Rule 1035.2(a).
239.8.    Local Rules. Promulgation. Publication. Effective Date.
239.9.    Electronic Filing. Local Rule 205.4.
240.    In Forma Pauperis.
242.    Citation of Authorities.
247.    [Rescinded].
247.1.    [Rescinded].
248.    Modification of Time.
249.    Authority of Individual Judge.
250.    Scope of Chapter.
Rule 201. Agreements of Attorneys.
 Agreements of attorneys relating to the business of the court shall be in writing, except such agreements at bar as are noted by the prothonotary upon the minutes or by the stenographer on the stenographer’s notes.

   Official Note

   Adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.  The word ‘‘prothonotary’’ refers to the court official, irrespective of title, who keeps the minutes of the court.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 201 amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (246944).

Rule 202. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Agreements as to contingent fees are governed by the Rules of Professional Conduct.

Source
   The provisions of Rule 202 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended June 23, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1819; amended April 4, 1990, effective July 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 2278. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (143640) to (143641).

Rule 203. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Payments by attorneys are governed by the Rules of Professional Conduct.

Source
   The provisions of Rule 203 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended April 4, 1990, effective July 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 2278. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (143641).

Rule 204. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Payments to persons in connection with litigation are governed by the Rules of Professional Conduct.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 204 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended April 4, 1990, effective July 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 2278. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (143641).

Rule 204.1. Pleadings and Other Legal Papers. Format.
 All pleadings, motions and other legal papers must conform to the following requirements:

   (1)  The document shall be on 8 1/2 inch by 11 inch paper.

   (2)  The document shall be prepared on white paper (except for dividers and similar sheets) of good quality.

   (3)  The first sheet shall contain a 3-inch space from the top of the paper for all court stampings, filing notices, etc.

   (4)  The text must be double spaced, but quotations more than two lines long may be indented and single spaced. Margins must be at least one inch on all four sides.

   (5)  The lettering shall be clear and legible and no smaller than point 12. The lettering shall be on only one side of a page, except that exhibits and similar supporting documents may be lettered on both sides of a page.

   (6)  Documents and papers shall be firmly bound.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 204.1 adopted July 7, 2006, effective February 1, 2007, 36 Pa.B. 3807.

Rule 205. [Rescinded].

Explanatory Note
   Rule 205 provided that the Code of Professional Responsibility of the American Bar Association, adopted August 12, 1969 and amended February 24, 1970, was the standard of conduct for attorneys of all courts of the Commonwealth. The Committee has long felt that such a rule was properly a rule of disciplinary enforcement rather than one of civil procedure.

   On June 28, 1976, the Court promulgated the Pennsylvania Rules of Disciplinary Enforcement which will become effective on October 27, of this year. The Definition of Disciplinary Rules as provided by Rule of Disciplinary Enforcement 102 incorporated the same Code of Professional Responsibility as that specified in Rule of Civil Procedure 205. In view of the duplication of the rules, the rescission was appropriate.

Rule 205.1. Filing Legal Papers. Mailing. Personal Presentation by Attorney Not Necessary.
 Any legal paper not requiring the signature of, or action by, a judge prior to filing may be delivered or mailed to the prothonotary, sheriff or other appropriate officer accompanied by the filing fee, if any. Neither the party nor the party’s attorney need appear personally and present such paper to the officer. The signature of an attorney on a paper constitutes a certification of authorization to file it. The endorsement of an address where papers may be served in the manner provided by Rule 440(a) shall constitute a sufficient registration of address. The notation on the paper of the attorney’s current Supreme Court identification number issued by the Court Administrator of Pennsylvania shall constitute proof of the right to practice in the Commonwealth. A paper sent by mail shall not be deemed filed until received by the appropriate officer.

   Official Note

   The address endorsed on the legal paper must be one where the paper may be handed to or mailed to the attorney. See Rule 440(a)(1).

   The filing of legal documents prepared on recycled paper of good quality is encouraged.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 205.1 amended October 29, 1976, 6 Pa.B. 2737; amended March 21, 1995, effective April 8, 1995, 25 Pa.B. 1272; amended April 29, 2003, effective September 1, 2003, 33 Pa.B. 2356. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (255153) to (255154) and (281405).

Rule 205.2. Filing Legal Papers with the Prothonotary.
 No pleading or other legal paper that complies with the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure shall be refused for filing by the prothonotary based on a requirement of a local rule of civil procedure or judicial administration, including local Rules 205.2(a) and 205.2(b).

   Official Note

   Rule 239.1(a) authorizes each court of common pleas to impose requirements governing the physical characteristics of pleadings and other legal papers. Rule 239.1(a) requires each court which has imposed requirements to promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 205.2(a), listing the requirements.

   Similarly, Rule 239.1(b) also authorizes each court to require pleadings and other legal papers to be accompanied by a cover sheet. Rule 239.1(b) requires each court which has imposed the requirement to promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 205.2(b), stating the requirement and setting forth the form of the cover sheet.

Source
   The provisions of Rule 205.2 adopted December 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 4491; amended October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the order, 33 Pa.B. 5506; amended November 2, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 6318; amended June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3797. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (340379).

Rule 205.3. Filing Pleadings and Other Legal Papers with the Prothonotary. Originals and Copies.
 (a)  A party may file with the prothonotary an original pleading or other legal paper, or a copy including a facsimile copy provided that the copy shows that the original pleading or other legal paper was properly signed and, where applicable, verified. Except as otherwise provided by law, the copy shall be deemed the equivalent of the original document.

   Official Note

   This rule does not authorize the filing of legal papers with the prothonotary by facsimile transmission, but, rather, authorized the filing of a non-original facsimile or other copy. See Rule 205.1 governing the manner of filing with the prothonotary.

   See Rule 76 for the definition of facsimile copy.

   The facsimile copy must be on paper of good quality. See Pa.R.A.P. 124(a)(1).

 (b)  If a party has filed of record a copy of a pleading or other legal paper, any other party may require the filing of the original document by filing with the prothonotary and serving upon the party who filed the copy a notice to file the original document with the prothonotary within fourteen days of the filing of the notice.

Source
   The provision of this Rule 205.3 adopted August 3, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 3928; amended December 29, 2008, effective immediately, 39 Pa.B. 304. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (331689) to (331690).

Rule 205.4. Electronic Filing and Service of Legal Papers.
 (a)(1)  A court by local rule may permit or require electronic filing of legal papers with the prothonotary and shall specify the actions and proceedings and the legal papers subject to the rule.

   Official Note

   This rule does not require the implementation of electronic filing by a local court.

   If a court determines that legal papers may be filed electronically with the prothonotary, Rule 239.9(a) requires the court to promulgate Local Rule 205.4 which shall describe the electronic filing system program and set forth the practice and procedure for the matters required by this rule.

   If a court provides that electronic filing is mandatory, it must also provide the necessary technical assistance to those parties who lack the capability to file legal papers electronically.

   (2)  As used in this rule, the following words shall have the following meanings:

    ‘‘electronic filing,’’ the electronic transmission of legal papers by means other than facsimile transmission,

    ‘‘filing party,’’ an attorney, party or other person who files a legal paper by means of electronic filing, and

    ‘‘legal paper,’’ a pleading or other paper filed in an action, including exhibits and attachments.

 (b)(1)  Legal papers shall be presented for filing in portable document format (‘‘pdf’’) or any other electronic format, if any, that the court by local rule designates. A paper presented for filing in a format other than portable document format shall be converted to portable document format and maintained by the prothonotary in that format.

   Official Note

   Rule 239.9(b)(2) requires that subdivision (b)(1) of Local Rule 205.4 specify the electronic format for presenting legal papers for filing.

   (2)  A legal paper filed electronically shall be deemed the original document.

   (3)  The electronic filing of a legal paper constitutes a certification

     (i)   by the filing party that a hard copy of the legal paper was properly signed and, where applicable, verified, and

     (ii)   as provided by Rule 1023.1(c) governing the signature to a legal paper, the violation of which shall be subject to the sanction provision of Rule 1023.1(d).

   (4)  The filing party shall maintain the signed hard copy of the document filed for two years after the later of

     (i)   the disposition of the case,

     (ii)   the entry of an order resolving the issue raised by the legal paper, or

     (iii)   the disposition by an appellate court of the issue raised by the legal paper.

   (5)  Any other party at any time may serve upon the filing party a notice to produce for inspection the signed hard copy within fourteen days of the service of the notice. The court upon motion may grant appropriate sanctions for failure to produce the signed hard copy pursuant to the notice.

 (c)(1)  The prothonotary when authorized to accept filings by electronic transmission shall provide electronic access at all times.

   (2)  The prothonotary may designate a website for the electronic filing of legal papers. Access to the website shall be available by the attorney identification number issued by the Court Administrator of Pennsylvania. The court by local rule shall designate the manner of access to the website for a filing party who is not an attorney.

   Official Note

   Rule 239.9(b)(3) requires that subdivision (c)(2) of Local Rule 205.4 specify the manner of access to the website by a filing party who is not an attorney.

   (3)  The time and date of filing submission and receipt of the legal paper to be filed electronically shall be that registered by the electronic filing system. The prothonotary shall provide, through the electronic filing system’s website, an acknowledgement that the legal paper has been received, including the date and time of receipt, in a form which can be printed for retention by the filing party.

 (d)(1)  A filing party shall pay the cost of the electronic filing of a legal paper by approved credit or debit card, or by advance deposit of sufficient funds with the prothonotary if the court by local rule so provides.

   (2)  A filing party who presents the legal paper for electronic filing in person at the office of the prothonotary shall pay the cost by a method prescribed by paragraph (1) or by check or cash.

   (3)  If a court has designated a third party to operate the electronic filing system, the filing party shall pay the cost of the electronic filing to the prothonotary or to the third party operator in the manner provided by local rule.

   Official Note

   Rule 239.9(b)(4) requires that subdivision (d)(1) of Local Rule 205.4 list the credit and debit cards approved by the court or the prothonotary, and state whether the filing fee may be paid by depositing, in advance, sufficient funds with the prothonotary.

   Rule 239.9(b)(5) provides for subdivision (d)(3) of Local Rule 205.4 to govern the payment of the filing fee to a third party operator, if applicable.

 (e)(1)  A filing party shall be responsible for any delay, disruption, interruption of the electronic signals and legibility of the document electronically filed, except when caused by the failure of the electronic filing system’s website.

   Official Note

   The filing party accepts the risk that a document filed by means of electronic filing may not be properly or timely filed with the prothonotary.

   (2)  No pleading or other legal paper that complies with the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure shall be refused for filing by the prothonotary or the electronic filing system based upon a requirement of a local rule or local administrative procedure or practice pertaining to the electronic filing of legal papers.

   Official Note

   See also Rule 205.2 governing filing legal papers with the prothonotary.

   (3)  If a pleading or other legal paper is not accepted upon presentation for filing or is refused for filing by the electronic filing system, the prothonotary or the electronic filing system, as may be appropriate, shall immediately notify the party presenting the legal paper for filing of the date of presentation, the fact that the document was not accepted or refused for filing by the system, and the reason therefor.

   (4)(i)  The court upon motion shall resolve any dispute arising under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subdivision.

     (ii)   If a party makes a good faith effort to electronically file a legal paper but it is not received, accepted or filed by the electronic filing system, the court may order that the paper be accepted and filed nunc pro tunc upon a showing that reasonable efforts were made to timely present and file the paper.

 (f)  When electronic filing is permitted as set forth in subdivision (a)(1), the court by local rule shall provide for

   (1)  a filing status message to the filing party,

   (2)  the maintenance by the prothonotary of an electronic file only, or of such electronic and such hard copy files as set forth in the rule,

   Official Note

   A hard copy file is not required by this rule. If the local rule requires a hard copy file, the requirement may extend to all cases or only to certain specified cases. For example, the court may require hard copy files for cases listed for trial or scheduled for argument while maintaining only electronic files for all other cases.

   (3)  additional procedures, if necessary, to ensure the security of the web site and the electronic files,

   (4)  procedures for the payment of prothonotary’s fees and costs, and

   (5)  such other procedures and matters necessary to the operation of a system of electronic filing.

   Official Note

   Rule 239.9(b)(6) provides that subdivision (f) of Local Rule 205.4 must set forth the practice and procedure with respect to the matters required by subdivision (f) of this rule.

 (g)(1)  Copies of all legal papers other than original process filed in an action or served upon any party to an action may be served

     (i)   as provided by Rule 440 or

     (ii)   by electronic transmission, other than facsimile transmission, if the parties agree thereto or an electronic mail address is included on an appearance or prior legal paper filed with the court in the action. A paper served electronically is subject to the certifications set forth in subdivision (b)(3).

   (2)  Service by electronic transmission is complete when a legal paper is sent

     (i)   to the recipient’s electronic mail address, or

     (ii)   to an electronic filing system website and an e-mail message is sent to the recipient by the electronic filing system that the legal paper has been filed and is available for review on the system’s website.

   Official Note

   Upon the electronic filing of a legal paper other than original process, the electronic filing system may automatically send notice of the filing to all parties who have agreed to service by electronic transmission or whose e-mail address is included on an appearance or prior legal paper filed in connection with the action. If the electronic filing system sends notice of such filing, the party filing the legal paper only need serve those parties who are not served by the electronic filing system.

   An electronic mail address set forth on letterhead is not a sufficient basis under this rule to permit electronic service of legal papers.

   See Rule 236(d) providing for the prothonotary to give notice of orders and judgments, and also other matters, by facsimile transmission or other electronic means.

   See Rule 440(d) governing service of legal papers other than original process by facsimile transmission.

 (h) A judicial district which implements an electronic filing system pursuant to this rule is exempt from the requirements of Rule 205.5 governing cover sheets, provided the electronic filing system has the capability of gathering and transmitting to the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts all the information required by Rule 205.5(e).

Source
   The provisions of this §  205.4 adopted June 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3189; amended November 28, 2000, effective January 1, 2001, 30 Pa.B. 6421; amended June 8, 2001, effective July 1, 2001, 31 Pa.B. 3305; amended December 16, 2003, effective July 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 9; amended May 19, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 3289; amended March 27, 2006, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 1745; amended November 14, 2007, effective December 14, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 6258; amended February 25, 2010, effective in ninety days, 40 Pa.B. 1395. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (340380) and (331691) to (331693).

Rule 205.5. Cover Sheet.
 (a)(1) This rule shall apply to all actions governed by the rules of civil procedure except the following:

     (i)   actions pursuant to the Protection from Abuse Act, Rules 1901 et seq.

     (ii)   actions for support, Rules 1910.1 et seq.

     (iii)   actions for custody, partial custody and visitation of minor children, Rules 1915.1 et seq.

     (iv)   actions for divorce or annulment of marriage, Rules 1920.1 et seq.

     (v)   actions in domestic relations generally, including paternity actions, Rules 1930.1 et seq.

     (vi)   voluntary mediation in custody actions, Rules 1940.1 et seq.

   (2)  At the commencement of any action, the party initiating the action shall complete the cover sheet set forth in subdivision (e) and file it with the prothonotary.

   Official Note

   When a defendant in an action before a magisterial district court appeals the decision to the court of common pleas, the plaintiff in the action before the magisterial district court shall complete the cover sheet when filing the complaint with the prothonotary.

 (b)  The prothonotary shall not accept a filing commencing an action without a completed cover sheet.

 (c)  The prothonotary shall assist a party appearing pro se in the completion of the form.

 (d)  A judicial district which has implemented an electronic filing system pursuant to Rule 205.4 and has promulgated those procedures pursuant to Rule 239.9 shall be exempt from the provisions of this rule.

   Official Note

   Pa.R.C.P. No. 205.4 provides for electronic filing and service of legal papers. Rule 205.4(h) permits a judicial district which has implemented an electronic filing system to be exempt from the requirements of this rule provided that the information to be gathered by the cover sheet can be captured and transmitted to the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts by the electronic filing system.

   Pa.R.C.P. No. 239.9 provides for the promulgation of a local rule, numbered Local Rule 205.4, governing procedures for electronic filing specific to a judicial district.

 (e)  The Court Administrator of Pennsylvania, in conjunction with the Civil Procedural Rules Committee, shall design and publish the cover sheet. The latest version of the form shall be published on the web site of the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts at www.pacourts.us.

   Official Note

   Cover sheets developed by a judicial district may be used in addition to the cover sheet required by this rule. See Rule 239.1, which requires a court that uses local cover sheets to promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 205.2(b), setting forth the form of cover sheet.

Source
   The provisions of this §  205.5 adopted February 25, 2010, effective in ninety days, 40 Pa.B. 1395; amended June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3797. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (369601) to (369602).

Rule 205.6. Confidential Information and Confidential Documents. Certification.
 Unless public access is otherwise constrained by applicable authority, any attorney, or any party if unrepresented, who files a document pursuant to these rules with the prothonotary’s office shall comply with the requirements of Sections 7.0 and 8.0 of the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania (Policy) including a certification of compliance with the Policy and, as necessary, a Confidential Information Form or a Confidential Document Form in accordance with the Policy.

Comment
   Applicable authority includes but is not limited to statute, procedural rule or court order. The Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania (Policy) can be found on the website of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania at https://www.pacourts.us/public-records. Sections 7.0(D) and 8.0(D) of the Policy provide that the certification shall be in substantially the following form:

   

  I certify that this filing complies with the provisions of the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania that require filing confidential information and documents differently than non-confidential information and documents.

   The Confidential Information Form and the Confidential Document Form can be found at https://www.pacourts.us/public-records.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 205.6 adopted January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 475; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3519; amended December 1, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7619. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392596).

Rule 206. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 206 amended October 16, 1981, effective October 16, 1981, 11 Pa.B. 3687; rescinded September 8, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4092. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (196997).

Rule 206.1. Petition. Definition. Content. Form.
 (a)  As used in this chapter, ‘‘petition’’ means

   (1)  an application to strike and/or open a default judgment or a judgment of non pros, and

   (2)  any other application which is designated by local rule, numbered Local Rule 206.1(a), to be governed by Rule 206.1 et seq.

   Official Note

   A petition for relief from a judgment by confession is governed by Rule 2959.

   Motions are governed by Rule 208.1 et seq.

   Rule 206.1(a)(2) authorizes each court of common pleas to designate applications which are to proceed in the manner of a petition under Rule 206.1 et seq. Rule 239.2(a) requires each court which has made that designation to promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 206.1(a), listing the applications to be determined pursuant to Rule 206.1 et seq.

 (b)  A petition shall specify the relief sought and state the material facts which constitute the grounds therefor. All grounds for relief, whether to strike or open a default judgment, shall be asserted in a single petition.

 (c)  A petition shall be divided into paragraphs numbered consecutively. Each paragraph shall contain as far as practicable only one material allegation.

   Official Note

   Petitions are subject to Rule 440 governing service of legal papers other than original process, Rule 1023.1 governing the signing of documents, and Rule 1025 governing the endorsement of legal papers. Any requirements of a court relating to the format of a petition and cover sheet must be set forth in local rules numbered Local Rule 205.2(a) and Local Rule 205.2(b).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 206.1 adopted September 8, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4092; amended October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B. 5506; amended November 2, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 6318; amended October 21, 2013, effective November 21, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6648; amended June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3797. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (369602) to (369603).

Rule 206.2. Answer.
 (a)  An answer shall state the material facts which constitute the defense to the petition.

 (b)  An answer to a petition shall be divided into paragraphs, numbered consecutively, corresponding to the numbered paragraphs of the petition.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 206.2 adopted September 8, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4092.

Rule 206.3. Verification.
 A petition or an answer containing an allegation of fact which does not appear of record shall be verified.
Official Note: See Rule 76 for the definition of ‘‘verified.’’

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 206.3 adopted September 8, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4092.

Rule 206.4. Rule to Show Cause. Alternative Procedures. Exception.
 (a)(1)  Except as provided by subparagraph (2), a petition shall proceed upon a rule to show cause, the issuance of which shall be discretionary with the court as provided by Rule 206.5 unless the court by local rule adopts the procedure of Rule 206.6 providing for issuance as of course.

   Official Note

   See Rule 440 requiring service of the petition upon every other party to the action.

   (2)  A judgment shall be stricken without the issuance of a rule to show cause when there is a defect on the face of the record that constitutes a ground for striking a default judgment.

 (b)  The procedure following issuance of the rule to show cause shall be in accordance with Rule 206.7.

   Official Note

   Subdivisions (b) through (e) of Rule 239.2 require every court to promulgate Local Rule 206.4(c) describing the court’s procedures for the issuance of a rule to show cause.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 206.4 adopted September 8, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4092; amended October 24, 2003, effective 9 months from the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B. 5506; amended November 2, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 6318; amended October 21, 2013, effective November 21, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6648; amended June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3797. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (369603) to (369604).

Rule 206.5. Rule to Show Cause. Discretionary Issuance. Stay. Form of Order. Rule Inapplicable to Petition to Strike Default Judgment.
 (a)  Rescinded.

 (b)  A petitioner seeking the issuance of a rule to show cause shall attach to the petition a proposed order in the form prescribed by subdivision (d) and give notice to all other parties of the intention to request the court to issue the rule.

 (c)  If the petition is within the scope of Rule 206.1(a), is properly pleaded, and states prima facie grounds for relief, the court shall enter an order issuing a rule to show cause and may grant a stay of the proceedings.

 (d)  The form of order required by subdivision (b) shall be substantially in the following form:

   (CAPTION)

   ORDER

 AND NOW, this

 day of
,
, upon consideration of the foregoing petition, it is hereby ordered that
   (1)  a rule is issued upon the respondent to show cause why the petitioner is not entitled to the relief requested;

   (2)  the respondent shall file an answer to the petition within

days of this date;
   (3)  the petition shall be decided under Pa.R.C.P. No. 206.7;

   (4)  depositions shall be completed within

days of this date;
   (5)  argument shall be held on

,
 in Courtroom
of the
County Courthouse; and
   (6)  notice of the entry of this order shall be provided to all parties by the petitioner.

   BY THE COURT:

J.

   Official Note

    In counties in which an evidentiary hearing is held, the order should be modified by deleting paragraphs (4) and (5) and substituting new paragraph (4) to read as follows:

   (4) an evidentiary hearing on disputed issues of material fact shall be held on

,
 in Courtroom
of the
County Courthouse.
   The court may provide in the order for disposition upon briefs rather than oral argument.

   The court has inherent power to permit forms of discovery other than depositions.

   The court may provide in the order for the filing of briefs.

 (e)  A judgment shall be striken without the issuance of a rule to show cause when there is a defect on the face of the record that constitutes a ground for striking a default judgment.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 206.5 adopted September 8, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4092; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended October 24, 2003, effective 9 months from the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B. 5506; amended March 27, 2006, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 1745; amended October 21, 2013, effective November 21, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6648. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (318373) to (318374).

Rule 206.6. Rule to Show Cause. Issuance as of Course. Stay. Form of Order.
 (a)  A rule to show cause shall be issued as of course upon the filing of the petition. The rule shall direct that an answer be filed to the petition within twenty days after service of the petition on the respondent.

 (b)  The court may grant a stay of the proceedings.

 (c)  The petitioner shall attach to the petition a proposed order substantially in the following form:

   (CAPTION)

   ORDER

 AND NOW, this

 day of
,
, upon consideration of the foregoing petition, it is hereby ordered that
   (1)  a rule is issued upon the respondent to show cause why the petitioner is not entitled to the relief requested;

   (2)  the respondent shall file an answer to the petition within twenty days of service upon the respondent;

   (3)  the petition shall be decided under Pa.R.C.P. No. 206.7;

   (4)  depositions shall be completed within

days of this date;
   (5)  argument shall be held on

,
 in Courtroom
of the
County Courthouse; and
   (6)  notice of the entry of this order shall be provided to all parties by the petitioner.

   BY THE COURT:

J.

   Official Note

    Paragraphs (4) and (5) are optional in a county adopting the alternative procedure. This accommodates local procedures which do not fix a hearing date until the answer and depositions have been filed.  In counties in which an evidentiary hearing is held, the order should be modified by deleting paragraphs (4) and (5) and substituting new paragraph (4) to read as follows:

   (4) an evidentiary hearing on disputed issues of material fact shall be held on

,  
  in Courtroom
of the
County Courthouse.
   The court may provide in the order for disposition upon briefs rather than oral argument.

   The court has inherent power to permit forms of discovery other than depositions.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 206.6 adopted September 8, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4092; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (200229) to (200230).

Rule 206.7. Procedure After Issuance of Rule to Show Cause.
 (a)  If an answer is not filed, all averments of fact in the petition may be deemed admitted for the purposes of this subdivision and the court shall enter an appropriate order.

 (b)  If an answer is filed raising no disputed issues of material fact, the court on request of the petitioner shall decide the petition on the petition and answer.

 (c)  If an answer is filed raising disputed issues of material fact, the petitioner may take depositions on those issues, or such other discovery as the court allows, within the time set forth in the order of the court. If the petitioner does not do so, the petition shall be decided on petition and answer and all averments of fact responsive to the petition and properly pleaded in the answer shall be deemed admitted for the purpose of this subdivision.

 (d)  The respondent may take depositions, or such other discovery as the court allows.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 206.7 adopted September 8, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4092.

Rule 207. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 207 rescinded September 8, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4092. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (196998).

Rule 207.1. Motion to Exclude Expert Testimony Which Relies Upon Novel Scientific Evidence
 (a)  If a party moves the court to exclude expert testimony which relies upon novel scientific evidence, on the basis that it is inadmissible under Pa.R.E. 702 or 703,

   (1)  the motion shall contain:

     (i)   the name and credentials of the expert witness whose testimony is sought to be excluded,

     (ii)   a summary of the expected testimony of the expert witness, specifying with particularity that portion of the testimony of the witness which the moving party seeks to exclude,

     (iii)   the basis, set forth with specificity, for excluding the evidence,

     (iv)   the evidence upon which the moving party relies, and

     (v)   copies of all relevant curriculum vitae and expert reports;

   (2)  any other party need not respond to the motion unless ordered by the court;

   (3)  the court shall initially review the motion to determine if, in the interest of justice, the matter should be addressed prior to trial. The court, without further proceedings, may determine that any issue of admissibility of expert testimony be deferred until trial; and

   (4)  the court shall require that a response be filed If it determines that the matter should be addressed prior to trial.

   Official Note

   This rule establishes procedures for motions to exclude expert testimony which relies upon novel scientific evidence. The rule does not address the requirements for the admission of expert testimony under Pa.R.E. 702 and 703, which are governed by case law. It also does not address motions under those rules on other grounds.

   The court has discretion in the manner in which it determines the motion. While depositions of expert witnesses and evidentiary hearings are available to the court for this purpose, they should be utilized in limited circumstances. See the limitations set forth in Rule 4003.5 governing discovery of expert testimony.

   In deciding whether to address prior to trial the admissibility of the testimony of an expert witness, the following factors are among those which the court should consider: the dispositive nature or significance of the issue to the case, the complexity of the issue involved in the testimony of the expert witness, the degree of novelty of the proposed evidence, the complexity of the case, the anticipated length of trial, the potential for delay of trial, and the feasibility of the court evaluating the expert witness’ testimony when offered at trial.

   When a ruling on a pre-trial motion to exclude the testimony of an expert witness is deferred until trial, the trial judge may choose to decide the motion (1) before the expert witness testifies on the basis of evidence offered outside the presence of the jury or (2) after the expert witness testifies on the basis of testimony offered at trial, in which event the trial judge will strike the testimony of the expert witness if it is found to be inadmissible under Pa.R.E. 702 or 703. However, hearings on preliminary matters must be conducted outside the presence of the jury ‘‘when the interests of justice require.’’ See Pa.R.E. 104.

 (b)  A party is not required to raise the issue of the admissibility of testimony of an expert witness prior to trial unless the court orders the party to do so.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 207.1 adopted January 22, 2001, effective July 1, 2001, 31 Pa.B. 629.

Rule 208. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 208 rescinded September 8, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4092. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (196998).

Rule 208.1. Motion. Definition. Scope.
 (a)  As used in this chapter, ‘‘motion’’ means any application to the court for an order made in any civil action or proceeding except as provided by subdivision (b)(1) and (2).

 (b)(1) The rules of this chapter shall not apply to the following matters:

     (i)   preliminary objections (Rule 1028),

     (ii)   motions for judgment on the pleadings (Rule 1034) and for summary judgment (Rule 1035.1 et seq.),

     (iii)   requests for special relief, including preliminary injunctions,

     (iv)   motions relating to the conduct of the trial, including motions for nonsuit pursuant to Rule 218, motions relating to jury selection, motions to exclude expert testimony pursuant to Rule 207.1, motions in limine, and motions made during the course of the trial,

     (v)   motions for post-trial relief (Rule 227.1),

     (vi)   motions for delay damages (Rule 238),

     (vii)   petitions (Rule 206.1), and

     (viii)   petitions for relief from a judgment by confession (Rule 2959).

   (2)  The rules of this chapter shall not apply to motions arising in the following actions or proceedings:

     (i)   asbestos litigation and cases otherwise designated by the court for special management (Rules 1041.1 and 1041.2),

     (ii)   actions in replevin (Rule 1071 et seq.),

     (iii)   class actions (Rule 1701 et seq.),

     (iv)   family law actions (Rules 1901 through 1940.9), and

     (v)   proceedings in Orphans’ Court.

 (c)  The rules of this chapter shall not modify the provisions of any other general rule governing a particular motion.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 208.1 adopted October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B. 5506.

Rule 208.2. Motion. Form. Content.
 (a)  A motion shall

   (1)  contain a caption setting forth the name of the court, the number of the action, the name of the motion, and the name of the moving party,

   (2)  be divided into paragraphs numbered consecutively,

   (3)  set forth material facts constituting grounds for the relief sought, specify the relief sought and include a proposed order,

   (4)  include a certificate of service which sets forth the manner of service including the name of an attorney of record for each party that is represented by counsel, the party whom the attorney represents, a ‘‘pro se’’ designation for each party that is unrepresented, and the address at which service was made, and

   (5)  be signed and endorsed.

   Official Note

   Motions are subject to Rule 440 governing service of legal papers other than original process, Rule 1023.1 governing the signing of documents, and Rule 1025 governing the endorsement of legal papers. Any requirements of a court relating to the format of a motion and cover sheet must be set forth in local rules numbered Local Rule 205.2(a) and Local Rule 205.2(b).

 (b)  A motion need not be verified unless verification is required by general rule governing the particular motion or by order of court.

   Official Note

   Rule 239.3(a) authorizes a court to require that a motion include a brief statement of the applicable authority. Rule 239.3(a) requires each court which has imposed this requirement to promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 208.2(c), stating the requirement.

   Rule 239.3(b) also authorizes each court to provide a certification requirement for a motion as uncontested. Rule 239.3(b) requires each court which has imposed this requirement to promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 208.2(d), stating the requirement.

   Similarly, Rule 239.3(c) authorizes each court of common pleas to require the moving party in any motion relating to discovery to certify that counsel has conferred or attempted to confer with all interested parties in order to resolve the matter without court action. Rule 239.3(c) requires each court which has imposed this requirement to promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 208.2(e), stating the requirement.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 208.2 adopted October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B. 5506; amended October 15, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 5889; amended November 2, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 6318; amended June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3797. Immediately preceeding text appears at serial pages (369608) to (369609).

Rule 208.3. Alternative Procedures.
 (a)  Except as otherwise provided by subdivision (b), the court shall initially consider a motion without written responses or briefs. For a motion governed by this subdivision, the court may not enter an order that grants relief to the moving party unless the motion is presented as uncontested or the other parties to the proceeding are given an opportunity for an argument.

   Official Note

   Rule 208.3(a) does not prevent a court from denying the moving party’s request for relief without the opportunity for an argument where the motion is procedurally defective, is untimely filed or fails to set forth adequate grounds for relief.

   Parties may choose to submit responses and briefs at the time of the presentation, provided that copies have been served on every other party. However, parties are not required to do so.

   Rule 239.3(d) requires every court to promulgate Local Rule 208.3(a) describing the local court procedure governing motions under this rule.

 (b)  A court, by local rule, numbered Local Rule 208.3(b), may impose requirements with respect to motions listed in the rule for the filing of a response, a brief or both. Where a response is required, any party opposing a motion governed by Local Rule 208.3(b) shall file the response within twenty days after service of the motion, unless the time for filing the response is modified by court order or enlarged by local rule.

   Official Note

   Motions are governed by the procedure in subdivision (a) unless the court by local rule designates particular types of motions to be governed by the procedure in subdivision (b).

   The twenty-day response period may be extended or reduced by special order of court. A local rule may only extend the time period.

   A response shall be filed by any party opposing a motion governed by subdivision (b) even if there are no contested issues of fact because the response is the opposing party’s method of indicating its opposition.

   Rule 208.3(b) authorizes each court of common pleas to impose requirements of responses and briefs with respect to designated motions. Rule 239.3(e) requires each court which has imposed such requirements to promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 208.3(b), listing the motions and the requirements.

   Rule 239.3(e) also provides that Local Rule 208.3(b) must describe the local court procedure governing motions under subdivision (b) and may allow the court to treat the motion as uncontested if a response is not filed.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 208.3 adopted October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B. 5506; amended November 2, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 6318; amended June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3797. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (369609) to (369610).

Rule 208.4. Initial Consideration of Motion. Court Orders. Issues of Disputed Fact.
 (a)  At the initial consideration of a motion, the court may enter an order that

   (1)  disposes of the motion, or

   (2)  sets forth the procedures the court will use for deciding the motion which may include one or more of the following:

     (i)   the filing of initial or supplemental responses,

     (ii)   the filing of initial or supplemental briefs,

     (iii)   the filing of affidavits, depositions and the like,

     (iv)   the issuance of a rule to show cause pursuant to subdivision (b) of this rule,

     (v)   the holding of an evidentiary hearing, and

     (vi)   the entry of an order providing for any other procedure for developing the record.

 (b)(1) If the moving party seeks relief based on disputed facts for which a record must be developed, the court, upon its own motion or the request of any party including the moving party, may enter an order in the form set forth in paragraph (2) providing for the issuance of a rule to show cause. The procedure following issuance of the rule to show cause shall be in accordance with Rule 206.7.

   Official Note

   A court will not necessarily utilize the rule to show cause procedure of subdivision (b) because other methods for developing the record, such as the filing of affidavits, may be the most efficient and appropriate manner for developing a record.

   (2)  The order required by paragraph (1) shall be substantially in the following form:


(Caption)

ORDER
 AND NOW,

, upon consideration of the foregoing motion, it is         Date
hereby ordered that
   (1)  a rule is issued upon the respondent to show cause why the moving party is not entitled to the relief requested;

   (2)  the respondent shall file an answer to the motion within

days of this date;
   (3)  the motion shall be decided under Pa.R.C.P. No. 206.7;

   (4)  depositions shall be completed within

days of this date;
   (5)  argument shall be held on

in Courtroom
of the                  Date
County Courthouse; and
   (6)  notice of the entry of this order shall be provided to all parties by the moving party.

 By the Court

 

J. 

   Official Note

   In counties in which an evidentiary hearing is held, the order should be modified by deleting paragraphs (4) and (5) and substituting new paragraph (4) to read as follows:

   (4) an evidentiary hearing on disputed issue of material fact shall be held on

in Courtroom
of the
County Courthouse.
   The court may provide in the order for disposition upon briefs rather than oral argument.

   The court has inherent power to permit forms of discovery other than depositions.

   The court may provide in the order for the filing of briefs.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 208.4 adopted October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B. 5506.

Rule 209. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 209 rescinded September 8, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4092. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (196998).

Rule 210. Form of Briefs.
 Briefs shall be typewritten, printed, or otherwise duplicated, and endorsed with the name of the case, the court and number and the name, address, and telephone number of the attorney or the party if not represented by an attorney.

   Official Note

   Rule 239.4 authorizes each court of common pleas to impose additional requirements governing the form and content of a brief. Rule 239.4 requires each court which has imposed such requirements to promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 210, listing the requirements.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 210 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B. 5506; amended November 2, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 6318; amended June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3797. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (379526).

Rule 211. Oral Arguments.
 Any interested party may request oral argument on a motion. The court may require oral argument, whether or not requested by a party. The court may dispose of any motion without oral argument.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 211 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended October 26, 2015, effective January 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 6480. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (369612).

Rule 212. Pre-Trial Conference.

   (Editor’s Note: Rule 212 was renumbered as Rule 212.3 pursuant to an order dated August 11, 1997, effective December 1, 1997.)

Rule 212.1. Civil actions to be tried by jury. Notice of earliest trial date. Time for completing discovery and filing pre-trial statement.
 (a)  In a civil action in which the damages sought exceed the jurisdictional limit for compulsory arbitration and which is to be tried by a jury, notice shall be given by the court of the earliest date on which the case may be tried. The notice should be given at least thirty days before the plaintiff’s pre-trial statement is due to be filed. The notice may include a date by which discovery shall be completed.

   Official Note

   It is not intended by this rule to change the form and manner of notice of trial.

 (b)  A pre-trial statement shall be filed.

   (1)  by the plaintiff not later than sixty days prior to the earliest trial date,

   (2)  by the defendant not later than thirty days prior to the earliest trial date, and

   (3)  by an additional defendant not later than fifteen days prior to the earliest trial date.

   Official Note

   A copy of the pre-trial statement must be served upon every other party to the action. See Rule 440(a).

 (c) (1)  The times set forth in subdivision (b) may be made earlier by published local rule or by special order or as set forth in a trial list published in the county law journal or otherwise made available to the parties.

   (2)  The times set forth in subdivision (b) may be made later by published local rule or by special order in a particular case.

   Official Note

   In a county which requires that discovery be completed and expert reports be exchanged prior to listing a case for trial, the court by local rule may provide for the simultaneous filing of pre-trial statements.

 The court by local rule may extend Rules 212.1 and 212.2 to apply to actions to be tried non-jury as well as by jury and to other forms of action in addition to civil actions.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 212.1 adopted August 11, 1997, effective December 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 4426.

Rule 212.2. Civil actions to be tried by jury. Pre-trial statement. Content. Sanctions.
 (a)  A pre-trial statement shall contain

   (1)  a brief narrative statement of the case;

   (2)  a list of the types and amounts of all damages claimed;

   (3)  a list of the names and addresses of all persons who may be called as witnesses by the party filing the statement, classifying them as liability or damage witnesses. A reference which does not state the name of the witness shall be permitted when the witness is described by title or representative capacity;

   Official Note

   A listing of ‘‘anyone named in discovery’’ is insufficient under this rule. A listing of a ‘‘records custodian’’ of a specific entity is a sufficient listing.

 This rule does not contemplate that the pre-trial statement include a list of witnesses for use in rebuttal or for impeachment. These matters are governed by case law.

   (4)  a list of all exhibits which a party intends to use at trial;

   Official Note

   This rule does not contemplate that the pre-trial statement include a list of exhibits for use in rebuttal or for impeachment. These matters are governed by case law.

   (5)  a copy of the written report, or answer to written interrogatory consistent with Rule 4003.5, containing the opinion and the basis for the opinion of any person who may be called as an expert witness;

   Official Note

   The notes or records of a physician may be supplied in lieu of written reports.

   (6)  stipulations of the parties, if any; and

   (7)  such additional information as the court by local rule or special order may require.

 (b)  The exhibits listed in the pre-trial statement, or copies thereof, shall be made available by the party filing the statement.

 (c)  Where the trial judge determines that unfair prejudice shall occur as the result of non-compliance with subdivisions (a) and (b), the trial judge shall grant appropriate relief which may include

   (1)  The preclusion or limitation of the testimony of

     (i)   any witness whose identity is not disclosed in the pre-trial statement, or

     (ii)   any expert witness whose opinions have not been set forth in the report submitted with the pre-trial statement or otherwise specifically referred to in the pre-trial statement, consistent with Rule 4003.5, and

   (2)  the preclusion of exhibits not listed in the pre-trial statement and made available.

Source
   The provisions of this §  212.2 adopted August 11, 1997, effective December 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 4426.

Rule 212.3. Pre-Trial Conference.
 (a)  In any action at any time the court, sua sponte or on motion of any party, may direct the attorneys for the parties or any unrepresented party to appear for a conference to consider:

   (1)  The simplification of the issues;

   (2)  The entry of a scheduling order;

   (3)  The possibility of obtaining admissions of fact and of documents which will avoid unnecessary proof;

   (4)  The limitation of the number of expert witnesses;

   (5)  Settlement and/or mediation of the case;

   Official Note

   See Rule 212.5 for procedures governing a settlement conference.

   (6)  Such other matters as may aid in the disposition of the action.

 (b)  A court may require, pursuant to a court order, various parties to attend a pre-trial conference, including an insurance or similar representative, who has authority to negotiate and settle the case.

 (c)  In the absence of a court order, at any pre-trial conference held after the filing of the pre-trial statements and that will involve settlement discussions:

   (1)  prior to the conference date, the attorneys for the parties, or the parties if unrepresented, shall engage in good faith efforts to resolve the case;

   (2)  an attorney who will be trying the case, or another attorney who has sufficient knowledge of the claims asserted, defenses presented, relief sought and legal issues raised, and has the authority to act on behalf of the client shall attend the pre-trial conference; and

   (3)  an insurance or similar representative, who has authority to negotiate and settle the case, must either attend the pre-trial conference or be promptly available by telephone.

 (d)  The court may make an order reciting the action taken at the conference and the agreements made by the parties as to any of the matters considered, and limiting the issues for trial to those not disposed of by admissions or agreements of the attorneys. Such order when entered shall control the subsequent course of the action unless modified at the trial to prevent manifest injustice.

 (e)  The court may establish by rule a pre-trial list on which actions may be placed for consideration as above provided, and may either confine the list to jury actions or to non-jury actions, or extend it to all actions.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 212 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; renumbered Rule 212.3 and amended August 11, 1997, effective December 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 4426; amended December 15, 2010, effective January 15, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 214. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (293818).

Rule 212.4. Applicability of Rules. Eminent Domain
 (a)  The name of a valuation expert and his or her statement of valuation required to be served on the opposing party by Section 703(2) of the Eminent Domain Code shall be served within the time provided for the filing of a pre-trial statement by Rule 212.1. A party failing to comply with this rule shall be subject to the sanctions set forth in Rule 212.2(c)

 (b)  Section 703(2) of the Eminent Domain Code, 26 P.S. §  1-703(2), is suspended only insofar as it provides for the name and report of the valuation expert to be served at least ten days before the commencement of the trial.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 212.4 adopted October 8, 2002, effective January 1, 2003, 23 Pa.B. 5262

Rule 212.5. Settlement Conference.
 (a)  At any time, the court, sua sponte or on motion of any party, may enter an order in the form provided in Rule 212.6 scheduling a settlement conference, the purpose of which is to resolve the litigation. Prior to the conference date, the attorneys for the parties, or the parties if unrepresented, shall engage in good faith efforts to resolve the case.

 (b)  At a settlement conference scheduled pursuant to this rule,

   (1)  an attorney who will be trying the case, or another attorney who has sufficient knowledge of the claims asserted, defenses presented, relief sought and legal issues raised, and has the authority to act on behalf of the client shall attend the settlement conference;

   (2)  an insurance or similar representative, who has authority to negotiate and settle the case must be present at the conference, unless the court permits the representative to ensure that he or she will be available by telephone; and

   (3)  the court shall have discretion to order the attendance of other individuals as reasonably necessary to accomplish resolution of the case.

   Official Note

   Rule 212.3 governs a pre-trial conference which includes consideration of matters relating to the trial of a case. A settlement conference pursuant to this rule considers only the settlement of litigation.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 212.5 adopted December 15, 2010, effective January 15, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 214.

Rule 212.6. Settlement Conference. Form of Order.
 An order scheduling a settlement conference pursuant to Rule 212.5 shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)

Scheduling Order for Rule 212.5
Settlement Conference
 For the above-captioned case, a settlement confer ence pursuant to Rule 212.5 has been scheduled before

at
Courthouse             (name of judge)
at
o’clock. All parties shall be in compliance with the requirements of Rule 212.5(b).
 

J.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 212.6 adopted December 15, 2010, effective January 15, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 214.

Rule 213. Consolidation, Severance and Transfer of Actions and Issues within a County. Actions for Wrongful Death and Survival Actions.
 (a)  In actions pending in a county which involve a common question of law or fact or which arise from the same transaction or occurrence, the court on its own motion or on motion of any party may order a joint hearing or trial of any matter in issue in the actions, may order the actions consolidated, and may make orders that avoid unnecessary cost or delay.

 (b)  The court, in furtherance of convenience or to avoid prejudice, may, on its own motion or on motion of any party, order a separate trial of any cause of action, claim, or counterclaim, set-off, or cross-suit, or of any separate issue, or of any number of causes of action, claims, counter-claims, set-offs, cross-suits, or issues.

 (c)  [Rescinded]

 (d)  [Rescinded]

 (e)  A cause of action for the wrongful death of a decedent and a cause of action for the injuries of the decedant which survives his or her death may be enforced in one action, but if independent actions are commenced they shall be consolidated for trial.

   (1)  If independent actions are commenced or are pending in the same court, the court, on its own motion or the motion of any party, shall order the actions consolidated for trial.

   (2)  If independent actions are commenced in different courts, the court in which the second action was commenced, on its own motion or the motion of any party, shall order the action transferred to the court in which the first action was commenced.

   (3)  If an action is commenced to enforce one cause of action, the court, on its own motion or the motion of any party, may stay the action until an action is commenced to enforce the other cause of action and is consolidated therewith or until the commencement of such second action is barred by the applicable statute of limitation.

 (f)  When an action is commenced in a court which has no jurisdiction over the subject matter of the action it shall not be dismissed if there is another court of appropriate jurisdiction within the Commonwealth in which the action could originally have been brought but the court shall transfer the action at the cost of the plaintiff to the court of appropriate jurisdiction. It shall be the duty of the prothonotary or clerk of the court in which the action is commenced to transfer the record together with a certified copy of the docket entries to the prothonotary or clerk of the court to which the action is transferred.

   Official Note

   Adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended and effective June 7, 1940; amended and effective October 1, 1942; amended June 27, 1969 and effective September 1, 1969; amended June 23, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1819. Subdivisions (c) and (d) have been rendered unnecessary in view of the abolition of the former Municipal Court of Philadelphia and the County Court of Allegheny County by the Constitution of 1968.

   For transfer of actions from counties of improper venue, see Rule 1006(e).

Explanatory Note
   Prior to 1969, two county courts existed in Pennsylvania. The Municipal Court of Philadelphia was created by the Act of July 12, 1913, P. L. 711, §  1, 17 P. S. §  681, and subsequently renamed the County Court of Philadelphia by the Act of July 17, 1961, P. L. 781, §  1, 17 P. S. §  705. The County Court of Allegheny County was created by the Act of May 5, 1911, P. L. 198, §  1, 17 P. S. §  621. Both of these courts were abolished by the Constitution of 1968.

   Business of the Court Rules 213(c) and (d) refer to transfers between county courts and common pleas courts. Joinder of Parties Rule 2231(b) is predicated on the jurisdiction of the county courts. These sub-divisions are obsolete.

   Trespass Rule 1044(c) refers to county courts. This reference is also obsolete.

   Rules 213(c) and (d) and 2231(b) have been rescinded and the reference to a county court in Rule 1044(c) has been deleted. Appropriate notes have been added to each Rule.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 213 amended April 4, 1990, effective July 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 2276; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (233995) to (233996).

Rule 213.1. Coordination of Actions in Different Counties.
 (a)  In actions pending in different counties which involve a common question of law or fact or which arise from the same transaction or occurrence, any party, with notice to all other parties, may file a motion requesting the court in which a complaint was first filed to order coordination of the actions. Any party may file an answer to the motion and the court may hold a hearing.

 (b)  The court in which the complaint was first filed may stay the proceedings in any action which is the subject of the motion.

 (c)  In determining whether to order coordination and which location is appropriate for the coordinated proceedings, the court shall consider, among other matters:

   (1)  whether the common question of fact or law is predominating and significant to the litigation;

   (2)  the convenience of the parties, witnesses and counsel;

   (3)  whether coordination will result in unreasonable delay or expense to a party or otherwise prejudice a party in an action which would be subject to coordination;

   (4)  the efficient utilization of judicial facilities and personnel and the just and efficient conduct of the actions;

   (5)  the disadvantages of duplicative and inconsistent rulings, orders or judgments;

   (6)  the likelihood of settlement of the actions without further litigation should coordination be denied.

 (d)  If the court orders that actions shall be coordinated, it may

   (1)  stay any or all of the proceedings in any action subject to the order, or

   (2)  transfer any or all further proceedings in the actions to the court or courts in which any of the action is pending, or

   (3)  make any other appropriate order.

 (e)  In the order of coordination, the court shall include the manner of giving notice of the order to all parties in all actions subject thereto and direct that specified parties pay the costs, if any, of coordination. The court shall also order that a certified copy of the order of coordination be sent to the courts in which the actions subject to the order are pending, whereupon whose courts shall take such action as may be appropriate to carry out the coordination order.

 (f)  The final order disposing of a coordinated action or proceeding shall be certified and sent to the court in which the action was originally commenced to be filed of record.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 213.1 adopted April 4, 1990, effective July 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 2276.

Rule 214. Preferences on Trial Lists.
 Preference shall be given in the preparation of trial lists to

   (1)  cases in which a new trial has been granted, and

   (2)  such cases as the court upon application and cause shown may designate.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 214 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended March 11, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 1274; amended July 23, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 3886. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (255164) to (255165).

Rule 215. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 215 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended March 11, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 1274; amended July 23, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 3886. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (255165).

Rule 215.1. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   The subject matter of former Rule 215.1 governing the duty of common pleas courts in Commonwealth Court jury trial cases is now governed by Rule 3735 of the Pennsylvania Rules of Appellate Procedure, adopted November 5, 1975 and effective July 1, 1976.

Rule 216. Grounds for Continuance.
 (a)  The following are grounds for continuance:

   (1)  Agreement of all parties or their attorneys, if approved by the Court;

   (2)  Illness of counsel of record, a material witness, or a party. If requested a certificate of a physician shall be furnished, stating that such illness will probably be of sufficient duration to prevent the ill person from participating in the trial;

   (3)  Inability to subpoena or to take testimony by deposition, commission, or letters rogatory, of any material witness, shown by affidavit which shall state:

     (i)   The facts to which the witness would testify if present or if deposed;

     (ii)   The grounds for believing that the absent witness would so testify;

     (iii)   The efforts made to procure the attendance or deposition of such absent witness; and

     (iv)   The reasons for believing that the witness will attend the trial at a subsequent date, or that the deposition of the witness can and will be obtained.

   (4)  Such special ground as may be allowed in the discretion of the court;

   (5)  The scheduling of counsel to appear at any proceeding under the Pennsylvania Rules of Disciplinary Enforcement, whether:

     (i)   as counsel for a respondent-attorney before a hearing committee, hearing officer, the Disciplinary Board or the Supreme Court;

     (ii)   as a hearing officer or member of a hearing committee; or

     (iii)   as a member of the Disciplinary Board;

   (6)  The scheduling of counsel to appear at any proceeding involving the discipline of a justice, judge or magisterial district judge under Section 18 of Article V of the Constitution of Pennsylvania, whether:

     (i)   as counsel for a justice, judge, or magisterial district judge before the special tribunal provided for in 42 Pa.C.S. §  727, the Court of Judicial Discipline, the Judicial Conduct Board or any hearing committee or other arm of the Judicial Conduct Board; or

     (ii)   as a member of the Court of Judicial Discipline, the Judicial Conduct Board or any hearing committee or other arm of the Judicial Conduct Board.

 (b)  Except for cause shown in special cases, no reason above enumerated for the continuance of a case shall be of effect beyond one application made in behalf of one party or group of parties having similar interests.

 (c)  No application for a continuance shall be granted if based on a cause existing and known at the time of publication or prior call of the trial list unless the same is presented to the court at a time fixed by the court, which shall be at least one week before the first day of the trial period. Applications for continuances shall be made to the court, or filed in writing with the officer in charge of the trial list, after giving notice of such application by mail, or otherwise, to all parties or their attorneys. Each court may, by local rule, designate the time of publication of the trial list for the purposes of this rule.

 (d)  No continuance shall be granted due to the absence from court of a witness duly subpoenaed, unless:

   (1)  Such witness will be absent because of facts arising subsequent to the service of the subpoena and which would be a proper ground for continuance under the provisions of Rule 216(a); or

   (2)  On the day when the presence of such witness is required a prompt application is made for the attachment of such absent witness; or

   (3)  The witness, having attended at court has departed without leave, and an application for attachment is made promptly after the discovery of the absence of such witness; or the court is satisfied that the witness has left court for reasons which would be a proper ground for continuance under Rule 216(a).

 (e)  Each Court may adopt local rules providing for the temporary passing of cases or governing applications for continuance because of the absence of a witness, not a party, who has not been served with a subpoena.

 (f)  Rule 216(b)—(e) and Rule 217 shall not be applicable to a continuance granted for any of the reasons set forth in Rule 216(a)(5) or (6).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 216 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended October 4, 1961, effective January 1, 1962; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended March 15, 1994, effective upon publication, 24 Pa.B. 1673; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended May 19, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 3289; amended August 8, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 5108. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (311793) to (311794) and (377855).

Rule 217. Costs on Continuance.
 When a continuance is granted upon application made subsequent to the preliminary call of the trial list, the court may impose on the party making the application the reasonable costs actually incurred by the opposing party which would not have been incurred if the application had been made at or prior to such preliminary call.

 Where a continuance has been so granted and costs imposed, the party upon whom such costs have been imposed, may not, so long as such costs remain unpaid, take any further step in such suit without prior leave of court.

 A party upon whom such costs are so imposed and who was at fault in delaying the application for continuance may not recover such costs, if ultimately successful in the action; otherwise such costs shall follow the judgment in the action.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 217 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (246949).

Rule 218. Party not Ready when Case is Called for Trial.
 (a)  Where a case is called for trial, if without satisfactory excuse a plaintiff is not ready the court may enter a nonsuit on motion of the defendant or a non pros on the court’s own motion.

 (b)  If without satisfactory excuse a defendant is not ready, the plaintiff may

   (1)  proceed to trial, or,

   (2)  if the case called for trial is an appeal from compulsory arbitration, either proceed to trial or request the court to dismiss the appeal and reinstate the arbitration award.

   Official Note

   See Rule 1007.1(c)(2) for withdrawal of demand for trial by jury when a party who has filed a demand therefor fails to appear or is not ready.

 (c) A party who fails to appear for trial shall be deemed to be not ready without satisfactory excuse.

   Official Note

   The mere failure to appear for trial is a ground for the entry of a nonsuit or a judgment of nonpros or the reinstatement of a compulsory arbitration award.

   A nonsuit is subject to the filing of a motion under Rule 227.1(a)(3) for post-trial relief to remove the nonsuit and a judgment of non pros is subject to the filing of a petition under Rule 3051 for relief from a judgment of non pros.

   A decision of the court following a trial at which the defendant failed to appear is subject to the filing of a motion for post-trial relief which may include a request for a new trial on the ground of a satisfactory excuse for the defendant’s failure to appear.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 218 amended April 23, 1985, effective July 1, 1985, 15 Pa.B. 1727; amended April 4, 1990, effective July 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 2279; amended March 1, 1993, effective July 1, 1993, 23 Pa.B. 1300; amended July 30, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 3930. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (200238).

Rule 219. View of Premises.
 A party desiring to have the jury view any premises involved in the litigation, may make application thereof either prior to the call of the case for trial, or at the bar during the actual trial of the case. In all such cases, the allowance of the application shall be within the discretion of the court, which may impose upon the applicant such reasonable costs or expenses as may be involved in connection with such view, or may direct that any costs thereby incurred shall follow the judgment entered in such action as in other cases.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 219 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Rule 220. Challenge to the Array.
 Every challenge to the array of jurors returned for trial of issues of fact shall be made in writing filed on or before the first day of the period at which such issues have been set down for trial.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 220 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Rule 220.1. Preliminary Instructions to Prospective and Selected Jurors.
 (a)  For purposes of this rule, ‘‘prospective jurors’’ means those persons who have been chosen to be part of the panel from which the trial jurors and alternate jurors will be selected. ‘‘Selected jurors’’ means those members of the panel who have been selected to serve as trial jurors or alternate jurors. ‘‘Jury service’’ means service as (1) members of the jury array, (2) prospective jurors, and (3) selected jurors.

 (b)  Persons reporting for jury service, upon their arrival for this service, shall be instructed in their duties.

 (c)  At a minimum, the persons reporting for jury service shall be instructed that until their service as prospective or selected jurors is concluded, they shall not:

   (1)  discuss any case in which they have been chosen as prospective jurors or selected jurors with others, including other jurors, except as otherwise authorized by the court;

   (2)  read or listen to any news reports about any such case;

   (3)  use a computer, cellular telephone, or other electronic device with communication capabilities while in attendance at trial or during deliberation. These devices may be used during breaks or recesses but may not be used to obtain or disclose information prohibited in subdivision (c)(4);

   (4)  use a computer, cellular telephone, or other electronic device with communication capabilities, or any other method, to obtain or disclose information about any case in which they have been chosen as prospective or selected jurors. Information about the case includes, but is not limited to, the following:

     (i)   information about a party, witness, attorney, judge, or court officer;

     (ii)   news reports of the case;

     (iii)   information collected through juror research using such devices about the facts of the case;

     (iv)   information collected through juror research using such devices on any topics raised or testimony offered by any witness;

     (v)   information collected through juror research using such devices on any other topic the juror might think would be helpful in deciding the case.

 (d)  These instructions shall be repeated:

   (1)  to the prospective jurors at the beginning of voir dire;

   (2)  to the selected jurors at the commencement of the trial;

   (3)  to the selected jurors prior to deliberations; and

   (4)  to the selected jurors during trial as the trial judge deems appropriate.

 (e)  Jurors shall be instructed that it is their obligation immediately to inform the court of any violation of this rule.

   Official Note

   For comprehensive jury instructions on the use of electronic devices by jurors in civil cases, see Section 1.180 of the Pennsylvania Suggested Civil Jury Instructions, Pa. SSJI (Civ), §  1.180.

   For guidance regarding the use of electronic devices in the courtroom by persons other than jurors, see Rule of Judicial Administration 1910.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 220.1 adopted July 7, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3976.

Rule 220.2. Sanctions for Violation of Rule 220.1.
 Any individual who violates the provisions of Rule 220.1 regarding the use of electronic devices by jurors or who violates any limitation imposed by local rule or by the trial judge regarding the prohibited use of electronic devices during court proceedings:

 (a)  may be found in contempt of court and sanctioned in accordance with 42 Pa.C.S. §  4132 et seq., and

 (b)  may be subject to sanctions deemed appropriate by the trial judge, including, but not limited to, the confiscation of the electronic device that is used in violation of this rule.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 220.2 adopted July 7, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3976.

Rule 220.3. Voir Dire of Jurors.
 (a)  Judge’s Presence Required. Voir dire of prospective jurors shall be conducted, and the jurors shall be selected, in the presence of a judge, unless the judge’s presence is waived by all parties with the consent of the court.

 (b) Instruction of Juror Duties. Upon completion of the oath, the judge shall instruct the prospective jurors upon their duties and restrictions while serving as jurors, and of any sanctions for violation of those duties and restrictions, including those in Rules 220.1 and 220.2.

 (c) Juror Information. Voir dire shall be conducted to provide the opportunity to obtain, at a minimum, a full description of the following information, where relevant, concerning the prospective jurors and their households:

   (1)  name;

   (2)  year and place of birth;

   (3)  residential neighborhood and zip code (not street address);

   (4)  marital status;

   (5)  nature and extent of education;

   (6)  number and ages of children;

   (7)  name, age, and relationship of members of prospective juror’s household;

   (8)  occupation and employment history of the prospective juror, the juror’s spouse and children, and members of the juror’s household;

   (9)  involvement as a party or a witness in a civil lawsuit or a criminal case;

   (10)  relationship, friendship, or association with a law enforcement officer, a lawyer, or any person affiliated with the courts of any judicial district;

   (11)  relationship of the prospective juror or any member of the prospective juror’s immediate family to the insurance industry, including employee, claims adjustor, investigator, agent, or stockholder in an insurance company;

   (12)  motor vehicle operation and licensure;

   (13)  physical or mental condition affecting ability to serve on a jury;

   (14)  reasons the prospective juror believes the prospective juror cannot or should not serve as a juror;

   (15)  relationship, friendship, or association with the parties, the attorneys, and prospective witnesses of the particular case to be heard;

   (16)  ability to refrain from using a computer, cellular telephone, or other electronic device with communication capabilities in violation of the provisions of Rule 220.1; and

   (17)  such other pertinent information as may be appropriate to the particular case to achieve a competent, fair, and impartial jury.

 (d) Voir Dire by Written Questionnaire Permitted. The court may provide for voir dire to include the use of a written questionnaire. The use of a written questionnaire without the opportunity for oral examination by the court or counsel is not a sufficient voir dire.

 (e) Individual Voir Dire Permitted. The court may permit all or part of the examination of a juror out of the presence of other jurors.

 (f) Recording of Voir Dire. Voir dire, including all rulings by a judge, shall be recorded in full unless the recording is waived by all parties. The recording shall be transcribed only upon written request of a party or order of court.

Comment:
   Subdivision (a)—The permitted waiver is a waiver only of the judge’s physical presence during voir dire. It is not a waiver of a party’s opportunity to create a record or to have the judge make decisions based upon that record. This subdivision is also intended to provide flexibility to permit another judge, or a senior judge, in the judicial district to preside over voir dire, as circumstances warrant.

   Subdivision (c)(17)—See Capoferri v. Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, 893 A.2d 133 (Pa. Super. 2006) (en banc) (voir dire should have been allowed with respect to the effect of pre-trial publicity on prospective jurors’ ‘‘attitudes regarding medical malpractice and tort reform’’), as an example of the type of information that may be sought from potential jurors to achieve a competent, fair, and impartial jury in a particular case.

   Subdivision (d)—The parties or their attorneys may conduct voir dire of the prospective jurors unless the court itself conducts voir dire or otherwise directs that voir dire be conducted by a court employee. Any dispute shall be resolved by the court.

   A written questionnaire may be used to facilitate and expedite voir dire by providing the trial judge and attorneys with basic background information about the jurors, thereby eliminating the need for many commonly asked questions.

Historical Commentary
   The following commentary is historical in nature and represents statements of the Committee at the time of rulemaking:

Explanatory Comment—1997
   New Rule 220.1 governing voir dire, the examination of prospective jurors, furthers the goal of establishing a uniform civil practice throughout the Commonwealth with respect to the information which the parties may obtain concerning prospective jurors.

   The rule specifies the information which the parties should be able to obtain through voir dire but does not require a particular manner of voir dire. Subdivision (a) is devoted to listing the information to which the parties are entitled.

   The rule does not dictate the mechanics of voir dire, but leaves the method of voir dire to the local courts of common pleas. Subdivision (b) does give some guidance, however. Voir dire may include the use of a written questionnaire, but no form of questionnaire is mandated or suggested. The note observes that a written questionnaire may ‘‘facilitate and expedite’’ voir dire by providing basic background information. The rule provides that ‘‘the use of a written questionnaire without the opportunity for oral examination is not a sufficient voir dire.’’ The parties are entitled to both hear prospective jurors and observe their demeanor.

   The rule recognizes that service upon a jury may be a new and disquieting experience to citizens called as prospective jurors. Information may be sought which a prospective juror feels uncomfortable revealing in open court. Thus, subdivision (c) provides that the ‘‘court may permit all or part of the examination of a juror out of the presence of other jurors.’’

Explanatory Comment—2008
   Rule 220.1 governing voir dire has been amended with the addition of a note to subdivision (a)(16). Subdivision (a) lists the information to which parties are entitled to obtain during voir dire, concluding with a catch-all provision in subparagraph (16). The note cites Capoferri v. Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, 893 A.2d 133 (Pa. Super. 2006) (en banc), as an example of the type of information that may be sought from potential jurors pursuant to subparagraph (16) to achieve a competent, fair and impartial jury in a particular case.

Explanatory Comment—2015
   The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has adopted new Rules 220.1 and 220.2 and the amendment of current Rules 220.1 and 223.1. The changes are intended to provide guidance to the bench and bar regarding the use of electronic devices by jurors in civil cases.

   The new rules and amendments provide for jurors to be instructed that the use of electronic devices is restricted during their tenure as a prospective juror, i.e. a member of the jury pool, and as a selected juror. The new provisions require the trial court to instruct jurors that they may not conduct independent research on the Internet about the case, communicate about the case electronically, e.g. ‘‘tweet’’ or ‘‘blog,’’ or use such devices during juror service. A trial court is required to instruct jurors at the earliest opportunity of interaction between the juror and the trial court, and then repeat those instructions as often as practicable. The new rules and amendments provide for sanctions against any person who violates the provisions of these rules. It should also be noted that a note to new Rule 220.1 cross-references Section 1.180 of the Pennsylvania Suggested Civil Jury Instructions, Pa. SSJI (Civ), §  1.180. These instructions specifically address the use of electronic devices by jurors.

   While the proposal focuses on the use of electronic devices by jurors, it remains silent as to their use in the courtroom by the public and media. Rule of Judicial Administration 1910 outlines the responsibility of a trial court regarding the broadcasting, televising, or taking of photographs in the courtroom in civil proceedings.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 220.3 adopted September 15, 1993, effective January 1, 1994, 23 Pa.B. 4635; amended August 11, 1997, effective December 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 4426; amended March 11, 2008, effective June 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1349; renumbered Rule 220.3 and amended July 7, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3976; amended January 7, 2025, effective April 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 438. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377857) to (377858) and (408545).

Rule 221. Peremptory Challenges.
 Each party shall be entitled to four peremptory challenges, which shall be exercised in turn beginning with the plaintiff and following in the order in which the party was named or became a party to the action. In order to achieve a fair distribution of challenges, the court in any case may

   (a)  allow additional peremptory challenges and allocate them among the parties;

   (b)  where there is more than one plaintiff or more than one defendant or more than one additional defendant, consider any one or more of such groups as a single party.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 221 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended September 22, 1976, effective November 1, 1976, 6 Pa.B. 2877. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (22252).

Rule 222. Attorneys as Witnesses.
 Where any attorney acting as trial counsel in the trial of an action is called as a witness on behalf of a party whom the attorney represents, the court may determine whether such attorney may thereafter continue to act as trial counsel during the remainder of the trial.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 222 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (234000) to (234001).

Rule 223. Conduct of the Trial. Generally.
 Subject to the requirements of due process of law and of the constitutional rights of the parties, the court may make and enforce rules and orders covering any of the following matters, inter alia:

   (1)  Limiting the number of witnesses whose testimony is similar or cumulative;

   (2)  Limiting the number of attorneys representing the same party or the same group of parties, who may actively participate in the trial of the case or may examine or cross-examine a witness or witnesses;

   (3)  Regulating the number and length of addresses to the jury or to the court;

   (4)  Regulating or excluding the public or persons not interested in the proceedings whenever the court deems such regulation or exclusion to be in the interest of the public good, order or morals.

   Official Note

   Trial courts in Pennsylvania customarily exercise discretion as to the exclusion of persons from the courtroom in the interest of good order and morals.

   The exclusion of the taking of photographs or radio or television broadcasting is governed by Pa.R.J.A. No. 1910.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 223 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended January 25, 1971, effective February 1, 1971; amended June 23, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1819; amended November 3, 1999, effective January 1, 2000, 29 Pa.B. 5918; amended April 29, 2016, effective immediately, 46 Pa.B. 2409. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (380173) to (380174).

Rule 223.1. Conduct of the Trial. Trial by Jury.
 (a)  Before the taking of evidence, the trial judge shall instruct the jurors as provided in Rule 220.1.

 (b)  In conducting a trial by jury, the court may use one or more of the procedures provided in subdivisions (c) and (d) as may be appropriate in the particular case.

   Official Note

   This rule catalogs certain procedures which may be utilized in the conduct of a jury trial. Since the court has broad power and discretion in the manner in which it conducts a jury trial, it is not intended that this rule be construed as enlarging, restricting or in any way affecting that power and discretion.

   See Rule 223.2 for juror note taking in civil cases.

 (c)  The court may permit jurors to view a premises or a thing in or on a premises.

   Official Note

   See Rule 219 governing view of premises.

 (d)  The court may

   (1)  permit specified testimony to be read back to the jury upon the jury’s request,

   (2)  charge the jury at any time during the trial,

   Official Note

   The court is not limited to charging the jury after the closing argument by the attorneys.

   (3)  make exhibits available to the jury during its deliberations, and

   (4)  make a written copy of the charge or instructions, or a portion thereof, available to the jury following the oral charge or instructions at the conclusion of evidence for use during its deliberations.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 223.1 adopted November 3, 1999, effective January 1, 2000, 29 Pa.B. 5918; amended July 20, 2003, effective September 1, 2003, 33 Pa.B. 4071; amended December 23, 2011, effective February 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 377; amended July 7, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3976. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (360258) to (360259).

Rule 223.2. Conduct of the Jury Trial. Juror Note Taking.
 (a)(1)  Jurors shall be permitted to take notes during the presentation of evidence, opening statements, and closing arguments and use their notes during deliberations.

   (2)  Jurors shall not be permitted to take notes when the judge is instructing the jury as to the law that will govern the case.

 (b)  The court shall give an appropriate cautionary instruction to the jury prior to opening statements. The instruction shall include:

   (1)  Jurors are not required to take notes and those who take notes are not required to take extensive notes;

   (2)  Note taking should not divert jurors from paying full attention to the evidence and evaluating witness credibility, the opening statements, or the closing arguments;

   (3)  Notes are merely memory aids and are not evidence or the official record;

   (4)  Jurors who take few or no notes should not permit their independent recollection of the evidence to be influenced by the fact that other jurors have taken notes;

   (5)  Notes are confidential and will not be reviewed by the court or anyone else;

   (6)  A juror may not show his or her notes or disclose their contents to other jurors until deliberations begin, but may show the notes or disclose the contents during deliberations;

   (7)  Jurors shall not take their notes out of the courtroom except to use their notes during deliberations; and

   (8)  All juror notes will be collected after the trial is over and immediately destroyed.

   Official Note

   It is recommended that the trial judge instruct the jurors along the following lines:

   We will distribute notepads and pens to each of you in the event you wish to take notes during the trial. You are under no obligation to take notes and those who take notes are not required to take extensive notes.

   Remember that one of your responsibilities as a juror is to observe the demeanor of witnesses to help you assess their credibility. If you do take notes, do not become so involved with note taking that it interferes with your ability to observe a witness or distracts you from hearing other answers being given by the witness.

   You may also take notes while the attorneys’ present their opening statements and when they will make their closing arguments about the evidence at the end of the trial. Again, if you do take notes, do not become so involved with note taking that it distracts from paying attention to the remainder of the opening statement or hearing all of the closing argument.

   Your notes may help you refresh your recollection of the evidence as well as the attorneys’ opening statements or their closing arguments. Your notes should be treated as a supplement to, rather than a substitute for, your memory. Your notes are only to be used by you as memory aids and are not evidence or the official record.

   Those of you who do not take notes should not permit your independent recollection of the evidence to be influenced by the fact that other jurors have taken notes. It is just as easy to write something down incorrectly as it is to remember it incorrectly and your fellow jurors’ notes are entitled to no greater weight than each juror’s independent memory. Although you may refer to your notes during deliberations, give no more or no less weight to the view of a fellow juror just because that juror did or did not take notes.

   Each time that we adjourn, your notes will be collected and secured by court staff. Jurors shall not take their notes out of the courtroom except to use their notes during deliberations.

   A juror may not show his or her notes or disclose their contents to other jurors until deliberations begin, but may show the notes or disclose their contents during deliberations. The only notes you may use during the deliberations are the notes you write in the courtroom during the proceedings on the materials distributed by the court staff.

   Your notes are completely confidential and will not be reviewed by the court or anyone else. After the trial is over, your notes will be collected by court personnel and immediately destroyed.

 (c)  The court shall

   (1)  provide materials suitable for note taking,

   Official Note

   The materials provided by the court are the only materials that jurors may use for note taking.

   (2)  safeguard all juror notes at each recess and at the end of each trial day, and

   (3)  collect all juror notes as soon as the jury is dismissed and, without inspection, immediately destroy them.

 (d)(1)  Neither the court nor counsel may (i) request or suggest that jurors take notes, (ii) comment on their note taking, or (iii) attempt to read any notes.

   (2)  Juror notes may not be used by any party to the litigation as a basis for a request for a new trial.

   Official Note

   A court shall immediately deny a litigant’s request that juror notes be placed under seal until they are reviewed in connection with a request for a new trial on any ground, including juror misconduct. The notes shall be destroyed without inspection as soon as the jury is dismissed.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 223.2 adopted July 30, 2003, effective September 1, 2003, 33 Pa.B. 4071; amended July 8, 2005, effective September 1, 2005, 35 Pa.B. 4087; amended December 3, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7860. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (381072) and (377861) to (377862).

Rule 223.3. Conduct of the Trial. Actions for Bodily Injury or Death. Jury  Instructions on Noneconomic Loss.
 In any action for bodily injury or death in which a plaintiff has raised a claim for a damage award for noneconomic loss that is viable under applicable substantive law, the court shall give the following instructions to the jury.

 The plaintiff has made a claim for a damage award for past and for future noneconomic loss. There are four items that make up a damage award for noneco- nomic loss, both past and future: (1) pain and suffering; (2) embarrassment and humiliation; (3) loss of ability to enjoy the pleasures of life; and (4) disfigurement.

  The first item to be considered in the plaintiff’s claims for damage awards for past noneconomic loss and for future noneconomic loss is pain and suffering. You are instructed that plaintiff is entitled to be fairly and adequately compensated for all physical pain, mental anguish, discomfort, inconvenience, and distress that you find (he) (she) has endured from the time of the injury until today and that plaintiff is also entitled to be fairly and adequately compensated for all physical pain, mental anguish, discomfort, inconvenience, and distress you find (he) (she) will endure in the future as a result of (his) (her) injuries.

  The second item that goes to make up noneconomic loss is embarrassment and humiliation. Plaintiff is entitled to be fairly and adequately compensated for such embarrassment and humiliation as you believe (he) (she) has endured and will continue to endure in the future as a result of (his) (her) injuries.

  The third item is loss of enjoyment of life. Plaintiff is entitled to be fairly and adequately compensated for the loss of (his) (her) ability to enjoy any of the pleasures of life as a result of the injuries from the time of the injuries until today and to be fairly and adequately compensated for the loss of (his) (her) ability to enjoy any of the pleasures of life in the future as a result of (his) (her) injuries.

  The fourth and final item is disfigurement. The disfigurement that plaintiff has sustained is a separate item of damages recognized by the law. Therefore, in addition to any sums you award for pain and suffering, for embarrassment and humiliation, and for loss of enjoyment of life, the plaintiff is entitled to be fairly and adequately compensated for the disfigurement (he) (she) has suffered from the time of the injury to the present and that (he) (she) will continue to suffer during the future duration of (his) (her) life.

  In considering plaintiff’s claims for damage awards for past and future noneconomic loss, you will consider the following factors: (1) the age of the plaintiff; (2) the severity of the injuries; (3) whether the injuries are temporary or permanent; (4) the extent to which the injuries affect the ability of the plaintiff to perform basic activities of daily living and other activities in which the plaintiff previously engaged; (5) the duration and nature of medical treatment; (6) the duration and extent of the physical pain and mental anguish which the plaintiff has experienced in the past and will experience in the future; (7) the health and physical condition of the plaintiff prior to the injuries; and (8) in case of disfigurement, the nature of the disfigurement and the consequences for the plaintiff.

   Official Note

   These instructions may be modified by agreement of the parties or by the court, based on circumstances of the case.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 223.3 adopted August 20, 2004, effective December 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 4879; amended August 20, 2004, effective December 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 6505. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (305434) to (305435).

Rule 224. Regulation of Order of Proof.
 The court may compel the plaintiff in any action to produce all evidence upon the question of the defendant’s liability before calling any witness to testify solely to the extent of the injury or damages. The defendant’s attorney may then move for a nonsuit. If the motion is refused, the trial shall proceed. The court may, however, allow witnesses to be called out of order if the court deems it wise so to do.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 224 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (200245).

Rule 225. Summing Up.
 Attorneys for each party or group of parties may make an opening address to the jury and may also make an address to the jury after the close of the testimony.

   Official Note

   Rule 225 merely confers the right to make addresses to the jury as stated therein. The trial court by local rule or otherwise may regulate the number, length, and order of addresses. See Rule 223(3).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 225 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 29, 2016, effective immediately, 46 Pa.B. 2409. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (380176).

Rule 226. Points for Charge. Motion for Directed Verdict.
 (a)  Points upon which the trial judge is requested to charge the jury shall be so framed that each may be completely answered by a simple affirmation or negation. Attorneys shall hand copies of requested points for charge to the trial judge and to the opposing attorneys before the closing addresses to the jury are begun. A requested point for charge that was presented to the trial judge becomes part of the record when the point is read into the record, or filed in the office of the prothonotary prior to filing a motion for post-trial relief regarding the requested point for charge.

   Official Note

   An appellate court will not review an objection to a ruling of a trial court regarding a point for charge unless the point for charge was (1) presented to the court and (2) made a part of the record by either reading the point into the record or filing it in the office of the prothonotary prior to filing a motion for post-trial relief.

 (b)  At the close of all the evidence, the trial judge may direct a verdict upon the oral or written motion of any party.

Source
   Adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; Amended through October 19, 1983, effective January 1, 1984, 13 Pa.B. 3629; amended July 10, 2008, effective September 1, 2009. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (333796) and (305179).

Rule 227. Exceptions.
 (a)  It shall not be necessary on the trial of any action or proceeding to take exception to any ruling of the trial judge. An exception in favor of the party against whom the adverse ruling was made shall be deemed to have been taken with the same force and effect as if it had been requested, noted by the official stenographer and thereafter written out, signed and sealed by the trial judge.

 (b)  Unless specially allowed by the court, all exceptions to the charge to the jury shall be taken before the jury retires. On request of any party all such exceptions and arguments thereon shall be made out of hearing of the jury.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 227 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended March 30, 1960, effective April 1, 1960; amended March 22, 1962, effective April 2, 1962; amended March 11, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 1274. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (146609).

Rule 227.1. Post-Trial Relief.
 (a)  After trial and upon the written Motion for Post-Trial Relief filed by any party, the court may

   (1)  order a new trial as to all or any of the issues; or

   (2)  direct the entry of judgment in favor of any party; or

   (3)  remove a nonsuit; or

   (4)  affirm, modify or change the decision; or

   (5)  enter any other appropriate order.

 (b)  Except as otherwise provided by Pa.R.E. 103(a), post-trial relief may not be granted unless the grounds therefor,

   (1)  if then available, were raised in pre-trial proceedings or by motion, objection, point for charge, request for findings of fact or conclusions of law, offer of proof or other appropriate method at trial; and

   (2)  are specified in the motion. The motion shall state how the grounds were asserted in pre-trial proceedings or at trial. Grounds not specified are deemed waived unless leave is granted upon cause shown to specify additional grounds.

 (c)  Post-trial motions shall be filed within ten days after

   (1)  verdict, discharge of the jury because of inability to agree, or nonsuit in the case of a jury trial; or

   (2)  notice of nonsuit or the filing of the decision in the case of a trial without jury.

   If a party has filed a timely post-trial motion, any other party may file a post-trial motion within ten days after the filing of the first post-trial motion.

 (d)  A motion for post-trial relief shall specify the relief requested and may request relief in the alternative. Separate reasons shall be set forth for each type of relief sought.

 (e)  If a new trial and the entry of judgment are sought in the alternative, the court shall dispose of both requests. If the court directs the entry of judgment, it shall also rule on the request for a new trial by determining whether it should be granted if the judgment is thereafter vacated or reversed, and shall specify the grounds for granting or denying the request for a new trial.

 (f)  The party filing a post-trial motion shall serve a copy promptly upon every other party to the action and deliver a copy to the trial judge.

 (g)  A motion for post-trial relief may not be filed in an appeal from the final adjudication or determination of a local agency or a Commonwealth agency as to which jurisdiction is vested in the courts of common pleas.

 (h)  A motion for post-trial relief shall be filed following a trial upon an appeal from the decision of viewers pursuant to the Eminent Domain Code.

 (i)  When an appellate court has remanded a case for further proceedings, a motion for post-trial relief relating to subsequent rulings in the trial court shall not be required unless

   (1)  the appellate court has specified that the remand is for a complete or partial new trial, or

   (2)  the trial court indicates in its order resolving the remand issues that a motion for post-trial relief is required pursuant to this rule.

Comment:
   Subdivision (a). The motion for post-trial relief replaces the following motions and exceptions: motion for new trial, motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict, motion upon the whole record after disagreement of a jury, motion in arrest of judgment, motion to remove a nonsuit and exceptions following the decision of the judge in a trial without jury.

   The following rules provide for the filing of exceptions, e.g., Rule 1534 (exceptions to a fiduciary’s account), Rule 1569 (exceptions to a hearing officer’s report in partition), Rule 1920.55-2 (exceptions to a hearing officer’s report in an action for divorce), Rule 1910.12(e) (exceptions to a hearing officer’s report in an action for support), and Rule 3136(d) (exceptions to sheriff’s schedule of proposed distribution).

   Subdivision (b) states two requirements for the granting of post-trial relief. First, the grounds for the relief requested must have been raised in pre-trial proceedings or at trial and, second, they must be stated in the motion. Under subdivision (b)(1), if no objection is made, error which could have been corrected in pre-trial proceedings, i.e., a ground for a new trial or a judgment notwithstanding the verdict, or during trial by timely objection, may not constitute a ground for post-trial relief. It must be raised timely in pre-trial proceedings or during the trial, thus affording the court the opportunity to correct the error.

   Pa.R.E. 103(a) provides that the specific ground for an overruled objection, or the substance of excluded evidence, need not be stated at or prior to trial, or without having made an offer of proof, if the ground of the objection, or the substance of the evidence sought to be introduced, was apparent from the context.

   Under subdivision (b)(2), motions which set forth mere ‘‘boilerplate’’ language are specifically disapproved. Rather, the motion must state ‘‘the specific grounds therefor.’’ A post-trial motion must set forth the theories in support thereof ‘‘so that the lower court will know what it is being asked to decide.’’ Frank v. Peckich, 391 A.2d 624, 632-633 (Pa. Super. 1978).

   Subdivision (c). A motion for post-trial relief may be filed following a trial by jury or a trial by a judge without a jury pursuant to Rule 1038. A motion for post-trial relief may not be filed to orders disposing of preliminary objections, motions for judgment on the pleadings, motions for summary judgment, or motions relating to discovery or other proceedings, which do not constitute a trial. See U.S. National Bank in Johnstown v. Johnson, 487 A.2d 809 (Pa. 1985).

   A motion for post-trial relief may not be filed to matters governed exclusively by the rules of petition practice.

   The filing of a motion for post-trial relief is prohibited by the following rules: Rule 1557 (order directing partition) and Rule 1930.2 (no post-trial practice in domestic relations matters).

   Subdivision (g). See 2 Pa.C.S. §  101 for the definition of ‘‘local agency.’’

   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  933(a)(1) providing for jurisdiction of appeals from determinations of particular Commonwealth agencies to be in the courts of common pleas.

   Subdivision (h). Any distinction with respect to the filing of a motion for post-trial relief between jury and non-jury trials following an appeal from the decision of viewers in eminent domain proceedings is eliminated.

Historical Commentary
   The following commentary is historical in nature and represents statements of the Committee at the time of rulemaking:

EXPLANATORY COMMENT—1983
   Introduction

   The Judicial Code and the Judiciary Act Repealer Act (JARA) have repealed Acts of Assembly which formed the basis for the entry of compulsory nonsuits and post-trial practice. The Code and JARA contemplate that the subject matter of the repealed statutes shall be governed by general rules. These amendments to the Rules of Civil Procedure supply the necessary procedure.

   The amendments abolish the distinctions which have existed heretofore in post-trial practice. A party who seeks post-trial relief will do so by filing a Motion for Post-Trial Relief irrespective of whether the action is at law or in equity or whether the action is tried with or without a jury. New Rules 227.1 to 227.4 inclusive apply to all such actions.

   A detailed analysis of the changes in practice effected by the amendments follows each rule.

   Conforming Amendments

   In view of the new consolidated post-trial practice under Rule 227.1, a number of conforming amendments are made to rules governing the actions in equity and for partition, the family law actions of support and divorce and actions involving minors and incompetents.

   The amendment to Rule 1557 governing partition reverses the current practice of filing exceptions to an order directing partition. The amended rule specifically provides that exceptions to such an order shall not be filed. Rather, relief may be sought through an appeal in accordance with Rule of Appellate Procedure 311(a)(6), as indicated in the note to Rule 1557.

   The term ‘‘exceptions’’ is used in the rules in contexts other than post-trial practice. No amendment is made to rules using the term in such other contexts. Thus under Rule 227, a party need not take ‘‘exception’’ to any ruling of the trial judge. A party must still file ‘‘exceptions’’ to an auditor’s report under Rule 1530, a master’s report under Partition Rule 1569, a hearing officer’s report under Support Rule 1910.12, a master’s report under Divorce Rule 1920.55 and a schedule of distribution under Execution Rule 3136.

   Rule 227.1

   Rule 227.1 is entirely new. It includes several subjects not previously covered by the Rules of Civil Procedure.

   Subdivision (a) authorizes the court to grant post-trial relief upon motion. This provision is necessary because JARA has repealed the statutes which formerly provided that authorization. The rule specifies the relief which may be granted and does not alter the prior practice.

   Subdivision (a) prescribes the filing of a ‘‘written Motion for Post-Trial Relief’’. Motions for New Trial, for Judgment Notwithstanding the Verdict, and for Judgment Upon the Whole Record will no longer be filed following a trial by jury. Exceptions will no longer be filed following a trial by a judge without a jury or an equity trial. The relief heretofore available through these motions and exceptions remains available through the new Motion for Post-Trial Relief.

   Subdivision (b) states two requirements for the granting of post-trial relief. First, the grounds for the relief requested must have been raised in pre-trial proceedings or at trial and, second, they must be stated in the motion.

   Subdivision (b)(1) incorporates into the rule the principle of Dilliplaine v. Lehigh Valley Trust Co., 457 Pa. 255, 322 A.2d 114 (1974), that basic and fundamental error is not a ground for a new trial in the absence of a timely objection at the trial. The rule extends the principle to all post-trial relief. A ground for a new trial or a judgment notwithstanding the verdict may not be raised for the first time in the Motion for Post-Trial Relief. It must be raised timely in pre-trial proceedings or during the trial, thus affording the court the opportunity to correct the error.

   In Yudacufski v. Commonwealth, Department of Transportation, 499 Pa. 605, 454 A.2d 923 (1982), the Supreme Court noted that the Rules of Civil Procedure governing post-trial practice ‘‘do not specifically include a requirement that pre-trial rulings must be raised in post-trial motions in order to be preserved.’’ Subdivision (b) now contains such a provision.

   Subdivision (b)(2) specifies the requisites of the motion for post-trial relief. It must state the specific grounds for the relief sought and ‘‘how the grounds were asserted in pre-trial proceedings or at trial.’’

   In requiring the motion to state the specific grounds therefor, motions which set forth mere ‘‘boilerplate’’ language are specifically disapproved. A post-trial motion must set forth the theories in support thereof ‘‘so that the lower court will know what it is being asked to decide.’’ Frank v. Peckich, 257 Pa.Super. 561, 391 A.2d 624, 632-633 (1978).

   The requirement that the motion state how the grounds were raised at trial indicates compliance with the requirements of Dilliplaine, supra, and subdivision (b)(1) that there be a timely objection in pre-trial proceedings or at the trial.

   Under subdivision (c), the time for filing the post-trial motion remains unchanged at ten days. However, the rule also provides an instance in which the time for filing a post-trial motion may be extended beyond the initial ten day period. There are occasions when a party is displeased with the result of a trial but refrains from filing a post-trial motion unless a post-trial motion is filed by an opposing party. This strategy necessitates a close watch over the dockets, since the party will be foreclosed from filing a motion if the opposing party files its motion on the tenth day. To facilitate practice in this area, subdivision (c) provides that where a post-trial motion has been timely filed by one party, any other party has ten days following the filing of the first post-trial motion in which to file its own motion. As with the other provisions of Rule 227.1, this concept applies to jury, nonjury and equity trials.

   Subdivision (d) continues the practice of permitting a party to request post-trial relief in the alternative. When a party elects to so proceed, separate reasons should be set forth in support of each type of relief requested. Again, the document should make the trial judge aware of each request for relief and the grounds in support thereof.

   Subdivision (e) provides a rule of judicial economy when both a new trial and judgment are sought in an action. Subdivision (e) provides that the court shall dispose of both requests. Thereafter, if the action is appealed, the appellate court may make a final disposition of the matter. This provision avoids the procedural situation where a trial court grants judgment but fails to rule on the request for a new trial. The action is thereafter appealed and the appellate court must then remand for disposition of the request for new trial. Under subdivision (e), the appellate court would be able to remand the matter directly for a new trial or affirm the ruling of the lower court.

   New subdivision (f) provides for the prompt service of copies of the post-trial motion upon every other party to the action and the delivery of a copy to the trial judge.

EXPLANATORY COMMENT—1985
   The amendment of Rule 227.1(c)(2) to provide for the filing of a motion for post-trial relief within ten days after nonsuit in a non-jury or an equity trial clarifies, but does not change, existing practice. Although subdivision (c)(2) did not refer to the filing of a motion for post-trial relief after a nonsuit in those instances, subdivision (a)(3) clearly provides for the court upon a written motion to remove a nonsuit without reference to the nature of the trial. The addition of the reference to a nonsuit in subdivision (c)(2) removes any ambiguity that might arise with respect to the time in which a motion for post-trial relief must be filed following a nonsuit in a non-jury or equity trial.

EXPLANATORY COMMENT—1989
   The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has promulgated an amendment to Rule of Civil Procedure 227.1 governing post-trial relief clarifying practice under the rule in two respects. First, notes have been added to subdivisions (a) and (c) explaining the scope of the motion for post-trial relief and the range of actions and proceedings to which the motion applies. The text of these subdivisions is not changed so that practice and procedure under them remain unaffected.

   Second, new subdivision (g) is added to the rule specifying the procedure in appeals from final determinations of certain government agencies. The Commonwealth Court has stated that there are no post-trial proceedings in ‘‘statutory appeal’’ proceedings unless mandated by local rule. This practice has caused confusion in several respects. In many cases, post-trial motions have been filed unnecessarily and have resulted in the loss of the right to appeal. In other cases, attorneys have filed motions for post-trial relief and appeals simultaneously because they were unable to discern the proper procedure.

   New subdivision (g) prohibits post-trial proceedings in a statutory appeal. The decision of the court in all such cases will be a final, appealable order.

EXPLANATORY COMMENT—1995
   Amendments to the Rules of Civil Procedure relating to post-trial practice have been promulgated, allowing parties to minimize post-trial delay and clarifying the procedure with regard to proceedings in eminent domain and the actions of mandamus and partition of real property.

   I. Entry of Judgment upon Praecipe

   a. Post-Trial Delay

   Prior to the present amendment, parties to an action had no recourse when a motion for post-trial relief remained pending and undecided. The amendment to Rule 227.4 permits any party to an action to file a praecipe for judgment when a timely motion has been filed and remains undecided for more than one hundred twenty days after filing.

   The rule is optional with the parties. If settlement negotiations are continuing, they may have little interest in a prompt appeal. If time is not of the essence, they may await the decision of the trial court. However, the rule provides the parties with the ability to ‘‘move the case along.’’

   If a motion remains undecided and a praecipe for judgment is entered at the earliest permissible time, the maximum post-trial delay is one hundred thirty days, i.e., ten days in which to file the motion and one hundred twenty days in which to decide it. The potential delay inherent in Rule of Appellate Procedure 1701(b)(3) providing for reconsideration of an order is avoided by prohibiting reconsideration of the judgment. The judgment entered is effective as to all parties and all issues so that the case in its entirety is ready for the appellate process.

   The rule does not provide an automatic limit upon the time in which the court may make its ruling. However, it does provide a time standard by which the parties and the court may proceed.

   There is a rule which may operate to prevent the entry of judgment upon the expiration of the one hundred twenty day period. Rule 238(c)(3)(i) provides that if ‘‘a motion for post-trial relief has been filed under Rule 227.1 and a motion for delay damages is opposed, a judgment may not be entered until all motions filed under Rule 227.1 and this rule [Rule 238] have been decided.’’ A note has been added to call attention to the rule.

   b. Waiver of Post-Trial Practice

   A second amendment to Rule 227.4 has deleted the provision for entry of judgment upon filing a ‘‘waiver in writing of the right to file post-trial motions signed by all parties’’. Present Pennsylvania policy is to require the parties to give the trial court the opportunity to correct error through post-trial practice. It follows that post-trial practice should not be subject to waiver.

   II. Eminent Domain

   Case law had developed an inconsistent practice with respect to the filing of a post-trial motion following trial upon an appeal from the decision of viewers in eminent domain proceedings. Post-trial practice was required following a trial by jury but not after a trial by a judge without a jury. New subdivision (h) has been added to Rule 227.1 eliminating this distinction and requiring post-trial practice whether the trial be by jury or by judge.

EXPLANATORY COMMENT—1996
   The note to Rule 227.1(c) has been amended by deleting the second paragraph referring to a case stated. This amendment was required by the abolition of the case stated by Rule 1038.2.

   The amendment is technical in nature and does not affect practice or procedure.

EXPLANATORY COMMENT—2004
   Prior to the present amendment, Rule of Civil Procedure 227.1(b) was inconsistent with Pennsylvania Rule of Evidence 103(a). Civil Rule 227.1(b) required without exception that grounds for post-trial relief be raised in pre-trial proceedings or at trial. Evidence Rule 103(a), however, did not require that the specific ground for an erroneous evidentiary ruling be raised prior to or at trial if the ground was apparent from the context. The present amendment to Civil Rule 227.1 carves out an exception for matters within the scope of Evidence Rule 103(a), thereby eliminating the inconsistency between the two rules.

EXPLANATORY COMMENT—2015
   In Newman Development Group of Pottstown, LLC v. Genuardi’s Family Markets, Inc. and Safeway, Inc., 52 A.3d 1233 (Pa. 2012), the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania examined the provisions of Rule 227.1 to determine whether a party must file a motion for post-trial relief following the resolution by the trial court of matters remanded by an appellate court. While it concluded in that case that a motion for post-trial relief was not required because the remand proceeding, which relied on an existing record, was not a trial, even though the trial court drew a different conclusion from that record to comport with the appellate court’s directive, the Court held that Rule 227.1 is silent as to any procedure for post-trial relief when a matter has been remanded for further consideration by the trial court. Id. at 1251.

   To close this gap, the Supreme Court has amended Rule 227.1 by adding new subdivision (i). Specifically addressing the remand context, the amendment would not require the filing of a motion for post-trial relief following the resolution of matters remanded by an appellate court except under the following circumstances: (1) the appellate court has specified that the remand is for a complete or partial new trial, or (2) the trial court states in its order resolving the issue remanded that a motion for post-trial relief is required in order to preserve those issues for appellate review.

   The amendment is intended to give the practitioner certainty as to when a motion for post-trial relief is required in the remand context, and thus, to prevent waiver of those issues upon further appellate review. It is also intended to facilitate the underlying purpose of the rule, which is to allow the trial court to reconsider its determination and to make any corrections before it is appealed without inundating it with unnecessary motions.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 227.1 adopted April 21, 1977, effective July 30, 1977, 7 Pa.B. 1169; amended through April 23, 1985, effective July 1, 1985, 15 Pa.B. 1726; amended December 19, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 176; amended July 28, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 3337; amended December 5, 1996, effective immediately, 26 Pa.B. 6068; amended December 16, 2003, effective July 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 9; amended July 21, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 4107; amended July 2, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3801; amended August 8, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 5108. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377863) to (377864) and (384755).

Rule 227.2. Court en Banc.
 All post-trial motions and other post-trial matters shall be heard and decided by the trial judge unless the trial judge orders that the matter be heard by a court en banc of which the trial judge shall be a member. If the trial judge for any reason cannot hear the matter, another judge shall be designated to act. No more than three judges shall constitute the court en banc.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 227.2 adopted June 30, 1983, effective July 1, 1983, 13 Pa.B. 2254; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (223268).

Rule 227.3. Transcript of Testimony.
 All post-trial motions shall contain a request designating that portion of the record to be transcribed in order to enable the court to dispose of the motion. Within ten days after the filing of the motion, any other party may file an objection requesting that an additional, lesser or different portion of the record be transcribed. If no portion is indicated, the transcription of the record shall be deemed unnecessary to the disposition of the motion. The trial judge shall promptly decide the objection to the portion of the record to be transcribed.

   Official Note

   For rules governing transcript requests, and transcript fees and their payment, see Pa.R.J.A. Nos. 4007, 4008, and 4009.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 227.3 adopted October 19, 1983, effective January 1, 1984, 13 Pa.B. 3629; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended November 16, 2016, effective January 1, 2017, 46 Pa.B. 7522. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (377865).

Rule 227.4. Entry of Judgment upon Praecipe of a Party.
 In addition to the provisions of any Rule of Civil Procedure or Act of Assembly authorizing the prothonotary to enter judgment upon praecipe of a party and except as otherwise provided by Rule 1042.72(e)(3), the prothonotary shall, upon praecipe of a party:

   (1)  enter judgment upon a nonsuit by the court, the verdict of a jury or the decision of a judge following a trial without jury, if

     (a)   no timely post-trial motion is filed; or

     (b)   one or more timely post-trial motions are filed and the court does not enter an order disposing of all motions within one hundred twenty days after the filing of the first motion. A judgment entered pursuant to this subparagraph shall be final as to all parties and all issues and shall not be subject to reconsideration;

   Official Note

   If a motion for delay damages has been filed, judgment may not be entered until that motion is decided or otherwise resolved. See Rule 238(c)(3)(i).

   Rule 1042.72(e)(3) prohibits the entry of judgment in a medical professional liability action if a motion for post-trial relief under Rule 227.1 is pending with respect to the ground that a damage award for noneconomic loss is excessive.

   (2)  enter judgment when a court grants or denies relief but does not itself enter judgment or order the prothonotary to do so.

   Official Note

   See Rule 236 requiring the prothonotary to give notice of the entry of an order or judgment and Rule 237 requiring notice of filing of praecipe for judgment. For illustrative Rules of Civil Procedure specifically authorizing entry of judgment by the prothonotary on praecipe of a party, see Rules 1037, 1659, 3031(a), and 3146.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 227.4 adopted October 19, 1983, effective January 1, 1984, 13 Pa.B. 3629; amended July 28, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 3337; amended September 24, 1997, effective January 1, 1998, 27 Pa.B. 5245; amended December 16, 2003, effective July 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 9; amended September 17, 2004, effective December 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 5351; amended November 2, 2007, effective January 1, 2008, 37 Pa.B. 6201. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (306106).

Rule 228. Testimony as to Misconduct of a Juror.
 Whenever in the course of a trial testimony is taken of a juror or other person as to alleged misconduct of a juror, or as to tampering with or an attempt to tamper with a juror, such testimony shall become a part of the record of the case. Such testimony shall be taken out of the hearing of the jury. Jurors may be interrogated in regard to such alleged misconduct or attempted tampering.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 228 adopted September 8, 1938, effective March 20, 1939; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Rule 229. Discontinuance.
 (a)  A discontinuance shall be the exclusive method of voluntary termination of an action, in whole or in part, by the plaintiff before commencement of the trial.

 (b)(1)  Except as otherwise provided in subdivision (b)(2), a discontinuance may not be entered as to less than all defendants except upon the written consent of all parties or leave of court upon motion of any plaintiff or any defendant for whom plaintiff has stipulated in writing to the discontinuance.

   (2)  In an action governed by Rule 1042.3, a plaintiff may enter a discontinuance as to a defendant if a certificate of merit as to that defendant has not been filed.

   Official Note

   Rule 1042.3 requires the filing of a certificate of merit as to a defendant against whom a professional liability claim is asserted.

 (c)  The court, upon petition and after notice, may strike off a discontinuance in order to protect the rights of any party from unreasonable inconvenience, vexation, harassment, expense, or prejudice.

   Official Note

   Court approval of a discontinuance must be obtained in any action in which a minor is a party, Rule 2039(a), an action for wrongful death in which a minor is beneficially interested, Rule 2206(a), an action in which an incapacitated person is a party, Rule 2064, and a class action, Rule 1714.

   A plaintiff who asserts a cause of action ex contractu and joins as defendants persons liable to the plaintiff in different capacities may not discontinue as to a defendant primarily liable without discontinuing as to all defendants secondarily liable. Rule 2231(e).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 229 adopted September 30, 1949, effective April 1, 1950; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended March 11, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 1274; amended July 18, 1991, effective January 1, 1992, 21 Pa.B. 3399; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended January 27, 2003, effective immediately, 33 Pa.B. 748; amended March 9, 2015, effective April 8, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 1490. Immediately preceding text appeared at serial pages (331696), (306107) and (328339).

Rule 229.1. Settlement Funds. Failure to Deliver. Sanctions.
 (a)  As used in this rule,

   ‘‘defendant’’ means a party released from a claim of liability pursuant to an agreement of settlement;

   ‘‘plaintiff’’ means a party who, by execution of a release pursuant to an agreement of settlement, has agreed to forego a claim of liability against a defendant. The term includes a defendant who asserts a counterclaim;

   ‘‘settlement funds’’ means any form of monetary exchange to a plaintiff pursuant to an agreement of settlement, but not including the annuity or future installment portion of a structured settlement.

 (b)  The parties may agree in writing to modify or waive any of the provisions of this rule.

 (c)  If a plaintiff and a defendant have entered into an agreement of settlement, the defendant shall deliver the settlement funds to the attorney for the plaintiff, or to the plaintiff if unrepresented, within twenty calendar days from receipt of an executed release.

   Official Note

   If court approval of the settlement is required, Rule 229.1 is not operative until the settlement is so approved.

   Upon receipt of the settlement funds, the plaintiff shall file a discontinuance or deliver a discontinuance to the defendant.

 (d)  If settlement funds are not delivered to the plaintiff within the time required by subdivision (c), the plaintiff may seek to

   (1)  invalidate the agreement of settlement as permitted by law, or

   (2)  impose sanctions on the defendant as provided in subdivision (e) of this rule.

 (e)  A plaintiff seeking to impose sanctions on the defendant shall file an affidavit with the court attesting to non-payment. The affidavit shall be executed by the plaintiff’s attorney and be accompanied by

   (1)  a copy of any document evidencing the terms of the settlement agreement,

   (2)  a copy of the executed release,

   (3)  a copy of a receipt reflecting delivery of the executed release more than twenty days prior to the date of filing of the affidavit,

   (4)  a certification by the attorney of the applicable interest rate,

   (5)  the form of order prescribed by subdivision (h), and

   (6)  a certification by the attorney that the affidavit and accompanying documents have been served on the attorneys for all interested parties.

 (f)  Upon receipt of the affidavit and supporting documentation required by subdivision (e), the defendant shall have twenty days to file a response.

 (g)  If the court finds that the defendant violated subdivision (c) of this rule and that there is no material dispute as to the terms of the settlement or the terms of the release, the court shall impose sanctions in the form of interest calculated at the rate equal to the prime rate as listed in the first edition of the Wall Street Journal published for each calendar year for which the interest is awarded, plus one percent, not compounded, running from the twenty-first day to the date of delivery of the settlement funds, together with reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in the preparation of the affidavit.

 (h)  The affidavit shall be accompanied by an order in substantially the following form:

(Caption)

ORDER
 

   AND NOW,

, upon consideration of the affidavit of
, attorney for
, and the                         (Plaintiff)
exhibits thereto, and upon a finding that payment was not made within twenty days of receipt of the executed release in the above captioned action, it is ORDERED that, in addition to the settlement funds of $
,
pay forthwith interest at the rate of
%
          (Defendant)
on the aforementioned settlement funds from the twenty-first day to the date of delivery of the settlement funds, together with $
in attorneys’ fees.
 


Judge

   Official Note

   The interest rate is determined in accordance with subdivision (g) of this rule.

   The defendant is the party who has failed to deliver settlement funds as required by this rule. The plaintiff is the party who is seeking to impose sanctions on the defendant for that failure.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 229.1 adopted June 7, 2004, effective July 1, 34 Pa.B. 3103.

Rule 229.2. Petition to Transfer Structured Settlement Payment Rights.
 (a)  Words used in this rule, which are defined by the Structured Settlement Protection Act, shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.

   Official Note

   See Section 2 of the Act, 40 P. S. §  4002, which defines numerous terms including ‘‘best interests,’’ ‘‘dependents,’’ ‘‘payee,’’ ‘‘structured settlement obligor,’’ and ‘‘structured settlement payment rights.’’

 (b)  A petition to transfer structured settlement payment rights shall be filed in the county in which the payee is domiciled.

   Official Note

   See Section 4 of the Act, 40 P. S. §  4004, providing that the court of common pleas of the judicial district in which the payee is domiciled shall have jurisdiction over the petition.

 (c)  The parties to the petition shall be the payee and the transferee.

 (d)  The petition shall be verified by the transferee and shall contain:

   (1)  a statement setting forth the payment provisions of the structured settlement agreement and the payment rights that the payee seeks to transfer,

   (2)  separate paragraphs which in bold type set forth

     (i)   the net amount payable to the payee after deduction of all commissions, fees, costs, expenses, and charges, and

     (ii)   the following statement setting forth the interest rate:

 

   ‘‘Based on the net amount that the payee will receive from this transaction ($

) and the amounts and timing of the structured settlement payments that would be assigned, the payee is, in effect, paying interest at a rate of
% per year.’’
   (3)  four attachments:

     (i)   a Payee’s Affidavit in Support of Petition, in the form prescribed by subdivision (f) as Attachment 1,

     (ii)   an initial order of court scheduling the hearing, in the form prescribed by subdivision (g),

     (iii)   a certification by an attorney for the transferee representing to the best of his or her knowledge, information and belief, formed after reasonable inquiry, that the transfer will comply with the requirements of the Act and will not contravene any other applicable federal or state statute or regulation or the order of any court or administrative authority, and

     (iv)   a final order of court granting the petition, in the form prescribed by subdivision (i).

   Official Note

   These four attachments are in addition to any other documents which are required to support the findings set forth in Section 3 of the Act, 40 P. S. §  4003.

   Subdivision (d) requires that two documents be verified. As the two documents contain different information, each must be verified by a different person. The petition to transfer structured settlement payment rights must be verified by the transferee. The Payee’s Affidavit in Support of Petition must be verified by the payee. The transferee is not required to verify the information set forth in the Payee’s Affidavit.

 (e)(1) If the petition and Payee’s Affidavit in Support of Petition meet the requirements of this rule and contain factual allegations which, if established, will support the findings set forth in Section 3 of the Act, the court shall promptly enter an order scheduling a hearing date. The transferee shall give notice of the hearing, in the form prescribed by subdivision (h), to the payee, the structured settlement obligor, the annuity issuer, the payee’s spouse and any person who receives child support, alimony or alimony pendente lite from the payee.

   (2)  If the petition is denied without a hearing for failure to meet the requirements of this rule or to contain necessary factual allegations, which will support the findings set forth in Section 3 of the Act, the court shall state reasons for the denial and the payee may file an amended petition as of course.

 (f)  The Payee’s Affidavit in Support of Petition shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)

Payee’s Affidavit in Support of

Petition to Transfer Structured Settlement Rights
 I,

, the payee, verify that the statements below are true and correct:
 1. Payee’s name, address and age:


.
 2. Marital Status:

 

 Never Married;
 Married;
 Separated;
 Divorced
 If married or separated, name of spouse:

.
 3. Minor children and other dependents:

 Initials of minor children, names of other defendants, ages, and places of residence:


.
 4. Income:

 (a)  Payee’s monthly income and sources:


.
 (b)  If presently married, spouse’s monthly income and sources:


.
 5. Child support, alimony or alimony pendente lite:

 Obligation to pay:  

Yes  
No
 If yes, state the amount of the obligation, to whom payable, and whether there are arrearages:

.
 6. Previous transfers:

 Have you previously filed a petition to transfer payment rights under the structured settlement that is the subject of this petition?  

Yes  
No
 If yes, for each petition that you filed,

 (a)  If the transfer was submitted for court approval, list the court, the case caption and case number, and state whether the court approved or disapproved the transfer:



.
 (b)  If the transfer was approved,

 (i)  State the name of the transferee and identify (listing due dates and payment amount(s)) the payments involved in the transfer:


.
     (ii)   State the amount of money and the manner in which the money was used:


.
 (c)  Have you ever transferred payments without court approval? If so, please explain:


.
 7. Reasons for transfer:

 Describe in detail your reasons for the proposed transfer, including an explanation as to why a sale of a lesser amount of the structured settlement amount will not better serve your interests:


.
 8. Payment of debts:

 If you seek the transfer in order to pay debts, list each debt, including the name of the creditor and the amount presently owed:


Debt	Creditor	Amount Owed
$
$
$

Verification
 I verify that the statements made in this affidavit are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

 DATE:

  
Signature         
 (g)  The initial order of court shall be substantially in the following form:

(CAPTION)

Initial Order of Court
 On this

day of
, 2
, it is ordered that a hearing on this Petition to Transfer Structured Settlement Payment Rights will be held on
, in Courtroom
at
o’clock. The payee shall bring income tax returns for the prior two (2) years to the hearing.
 Within seven (7) days, the transferee shall give notice of the hearing date to the payee, the structured settlement obligor, the annuity issuer, the payee’s spouse and any person receiving child support, alimony, or alimony pendente lite. The transferee shall attach a certificate of service to the notice of hearing date. A copy of the notice with the certificate of service shall be filed with the court prior to the hearing.

 BY THE COURT:     

J.  
 (h)  The notice of hearing shall be substantially in the following form:

(CAPTION)

Notice of Hearing on Petition to

Transfer Structured Settlement Payment Rights
 To:

 You are hereby given notice that

(name of payee)  
has filed a petition to transfer structured settlement payment rights. A hearing in this matter has been scheduled on
, 2
at
o’clock in courtroom no.
, courthouse,
.
(address)          
 You are entitled to support, oppose or otherwise respond to the payee’s petition, either in person or by counsel, by filing written comments with the court prior to the hearing or by attending the hearing.

   

      

Date            Transferee


Address         
Telephone Number    
 (i)  The final order of court shall be substantially in the following form:

(CAPTION)

Final Order of Court
 On this

day of
, 2
, it is ordered that the Petition to Transfer of Structured Settlement Payment Rights is granted.
 The court specifically finds that:

   (1)  the payee has established that the transfer is in the best interests of the payee or the payee’s dependents;

   (2)  based on the certification by an attorney for the transferee, and the court having not been made aware of any statute, regulation or order that would be incompatible with the proposed transfer, the transfer will not contravene any applicable federal or state statute or regulation, or the order of any court or administrative authority;

   (3)  the transfer complies with the remaining requirements of the Structured Settlement Protection Act, including Sections 3(a)(2), 3(a)(4), 3(a)(5) and 3(a)(6);

   (4)  the payments that are to be transferred are designated as follows:


.
   (5)  the terms of this order shall survive the death of the payee and shall be binding on the payee’s heirs, beneficiaries and assigns;

   (6)  the payee shall receive from the transferee, as of

, the amount of $
, from which no funds are owed for counsel fees, administrative fees, or other costs, fees or expenses.
 BY THE COURT:

J.  

   Official Note

   The form of order does not preclude a court from adding additional language to the order as deemed appropriate in the individual circumstances of a case.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 205.6.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 229.2 adopted June 15, 2007, effective September 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 4515; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 475; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3519. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390043) to (390044), (376525) to (376526) and (390045).

Rule 230. Voluntary Nonsuit.
 (a)  A voluntary nonsuit shall be the exclusive method of voluntary termination of an action in whole or in part by the plaintiff during the trial.

   Official Note

   A plaintiff who asserts a cause of action ex contractu and joins as defendants persons liable to the plaintiff in different capacities may not obtain a voluntary nonsuit as to a defendant primarily liable without obtaining a voluntary nonsuit as to all defendants secondarily liable. Rule 2231(e).

 (b) A plaintiff may not obtain a voluntary nonsuit without leave of court upon good cause shown and cannot do so after the close of all the evidence.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 230 amended April 4, 1990, effective July 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 2279; amended March 11, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 1274; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended October 3, 2002, effective January 1, 2003, 32 Pa.B. 5175. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (280399).

Rule 230.1. Compulsory Nonsuit at Trial.
 (a)(1) In an action involving only one plaintiff and one defendant, the court, on oral motion of the defendant, may enter a nonsuit on any and all causes of action if, at the close of the plaintiff’s case on liability, the plaintiff has failed to establish a right to relief.

   (2)  The court in deciding the motion shall consider only evidence which was introduced by the plaintiff and any evidence favorable to the plaintiff introduced by the defendant prior to the close of the plaintiff’s case.

   Official Note

   Subdivision (a) changes the prior practice whereby the entry of a compulsory nonsuit was precluded when any evidence had been presented by the defendant.

 If a motion for compulsory nonsuit is granted, the plaintiff may file a written motion to remove the nonsuit. See Rule 227.1

 (b)  In an action involving more than one plaintiff, the court may not enter a compulsory nonsuit as to any plaintiff until the close of the case of all the plaintiffs.

 (c)  In an action involving more than one defendant, the court may not enter a nonsuit of any plaintiff prior to the close of the case of all plaintiffs against all defendants. The nonsuit may be entered in favor of

   (1)  all of the defendants, or

   (2)  any of the defendants who have moved for nonsuit if all of the defendants stipulate on the record that no evidence will be presented that would establish liability of the defendant who has moved for the nonsuit.

   Official Note

   The term ‘‘defendants’’ includes additional defendants.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 230.1 adopted October 19, 1983, effective January 1, 1984, 13 Pa.B. 3629; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended May 30, 2001, effective July 1, 2001, 31 Pa.B. 3184. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (255175).

   (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court issued an order on April 23, 2014 (No. 594 Civil Procedural Rule Doc.), suspending Rule 230.2, which is under review and revision. The order does not affect the trial courts’ ability to proceed pursuant to Pa.R.J.A. No. 1901. The order is effective immediately. See 44 Pa.B. 2747 (May 10, 2014).)

   (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court issued an order on December 9, 2015 (No. 634 Civil Procedural Rules Doc.), reinstating and amending Rule 230.2, effective December 31, 2016. See 45 Pa.B. 7283 (December 26, 2015). This order will be codified in the December 2016 Pennsylvania Code Reporter.)

Rule 230.2. Termination of Inactive Cases.
 (a)  General Rule. At least once a year, the court shall initiate proceedings to terminate cases in which there has been no activity of record for two years or more, and shall report such information to the Court Administrator of Pennsylvania on a form supplied by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts or in such format as requested from time to time by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts.

 

 (b)  Notice of Proposed Termination.

   (1)  For each case identified pursuant to subdivision (a), the court shall serve a notice of proposed termination on counsel of record, and on the parties if not represented, 30 days prior to the date of the proposed termination. The notice shall contain the date of the proposed termination and the procedure to avoid termination.

   (2)  The notice shall be served electronically pursuant to Rule 205.4(g)(1), or pursuant to Rule 440 on counsel of record and on the parties, if not represented, at the last address of record.

 

 (c)  Termination. If no statement of intention to proceed has been filed on or before the date of the proposed termination, the prothonotary shall enter an order as of course terminating the matter for failure to prosecute.

 

 (d)  Reinstatement.

   (1)  If an action has been terminated pursuant to this rule, an aggrieved party may petition the court to reinstate the action.

   (2)  If the petition is filed within 60 days after the entry of the order of termination on the docket, the court shall grant the petition and reinstate the action.

 

   (3)  If the petition is filed more than 60 days after the entry of the order of termination on the docket, the court shall grant the petition and reinstate the action upon a showing that:

     (i)   the petition was timely filed following the entry of the order for termination; and

     (ii)   there is a reasonable explanation or a legitimate excuse for the failure to file both:

       (A)   the statement of intention to proceed prior to the entry of the order of termination on the docket; and

       (B)   the petition to reinstate the action within 60 days after the entry of the order of termination on the docket.

 

 (e)  Termination with Prejudice. Any case which is reinstated pursuant to subdivision (d) shall be subject to termination with prejudice upon a subsequent termination pursuant to subdivision (a). No subsequent reinstatements shall be granted.

 (f)  Form Notice of Proposed Termination. The notice required by subdivision (b) shall be in the following form:

(Caption)

NOTICE OF PROPOSED TERMINATION OF COURT CASE
 The court intends to terminate this case without further notice because the docket shows no activity in the case for at least two years.

 You may stop the court from terminating the case by filing a statement of intention to proceed. The statement of intention to proceed should be filed with the Prothonotary of the Court at



Address
on or before
.
Date
 IF YOU FAIL TO FILE THE REQUIRED STATEMENT OF INTENTION TO PROCEED, THE CASE WILL BE TERMINATED BY THE PROTHONOTARY WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE.

 BY THE COURT:

   

         

Date of this Notice             Officer
 (g)  Form Statement of Intention to Proceed. The statement of intention to proceed shall be in the following form:

(Caption)

Statement of Intention to Proceed
 To the Court:

 

intends to proceed with the above captioned matter.
 Date:

   

             Attorney for
 (h)  Required Status Conference. Upon receipt of a statement of intention to proceed, the court shall schedule a status conference and establish appropriate timelines to ensure a timely and efficient disposition of the case.

Comment:
   This rule provides an administrative method for the termination of inactive cases.

   Subdivision (b). If the notice mailed to an attorney is returned by the postal service, the prothonotary should check the website of the Disciplinary Board of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, www.padisciplinaryboard.org, for a current address.

   Subdivision (c). The prothonotary may not enter an order terminating the action until more than 30 days after service of the notice of proposed termination. A court officer may certify to the prothonotary those matters which have been inactive and in which no statement of intention to proceed has been filed.

   Subdivision (d). The provision under subdivision (d)(2) for filing a petition within 60 days of the entry of the order of termination on the docket is not a standard of timeliness. Rather, the filing of the petition during that time period eliminates the need to make the showing otherwise required by subdivision (d)(3). In addition, the standard in subdivision (d)(2) is not intended to set a standard for timeliness in proceedings outside this rule.

Historical Commentary
   The following commentary is historical in nature and represents statements of the Committee at the time of rulemaking:

EXPLANATORY COMMENT—2003
   The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has promulgated new Rule of Civil Procedure 230.2 governing the termination of inactive cases and amended Rule of Judicial Administration 1901. Two aspects of the recommendation merit comment.

   I. Rule of Civil Procedure

   New Rule of Civil Procedure 230.2 has been promulgated to govern the termination of inactive cases within the scope of the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure. The termination of these cases for inactivity was previously governed by Rule of Judicial Administration 1901 and local rules promulgated pursuant to it. New Rule 230.2 is tailored to the needs of civil actions. It provides a complete procedure and a uniform statewide practice, preempting local rules.

   This rule was promulgated in response to the decision of the Supreme Court in Shope v. Eagle, 551 Pa. 360, 710 A.2d 1104 (1998) in which the court held that ‘‘prejudice to the defendant as a result of delay in prosecution is required before a case may be dismissed pursuant to local rules implementing Rule of Judicial Administration 1901.’’

   Rule of Judicial Administration 1901(b) has been amended to accommodate the new rule of civil procedure. The general policy of the prompt disposition of matters set forth in subdivision (a) of that rule continues to be applicable.

   II. Inactive Cases

   The purpose of Rule 230.2 is to eliminate inactive cases from the judicial system. The process is initiated by the court. After giving notice of intent to terminate an action for inactivity, the course of the procedure is with the parties. If the parties do not wish to pursue the case, they will take no action and ‘‘the prothonotary shall enter an order as of course terminating the matter with prejudice for failure to prosecute.’’ If a party wishes to pursue the matter, he or she will file a notice of intention to proceed and the action shall continue.

   a. Where the action has been terminated

   If the action is terminated when a party believes that it should not have been terminated, that party may proceed under Rule 230(d) for relief from the order of termination. An example of such an occurrence might be the termination of a viable action when the aggrieved party did not receive the notice of intent to terminate and thus did not timely file the notice of intention to proceed.

   The timing of the filing of the petition to reinstate the action is important. If the petition is filed within thirty days of the entry of the order of termination on the docket, subdivision (d)(2) provides that the court must grant the petition and reinstate the action. If the petition is filed later than the thirty-day period, subdivision (d)(3) requires that the plaintiff must make a showing to the court that the petition was promptly filed and that there is a reasonable explanation or legitimate excuse both for the failure to file the notice of intention to proceed prior to the entry of the order of termination on the docket and for the failure to file the petition within the thirty-day period under subdivision (d)(2).

   b. Where the action has not been terminated

   An action which has not been terminated but which continues upon the filing of a notice of intention to proceed may have been the subject of inordinate delay. In such an instance, the aggrieved party may pursue the remedy of a common law non pros which exists independently of termination under Rule 230.2.

EXPLANATORY COMMENT—2015
   In 2014, the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania made efforts to reduce the inventory of civil cases on the dockets of the Courts of Common Pleas. To expedite that process, it suspended Rule 230.2 governing the termination of inactive cases. Originally adopted in 2003, Rule 230.2 implemented the general policy provisions of Rule of Judicial Administration 1901(a) governing the prompt disposition of matters and the termination of inactive cases. While Pa.R.J.A. No. 1901(a) provided general guidelines for conducting an administrative purge, Rule 230.2 set forth a procedural mechanism for a court to perform an administrative purge of cases that had remained on the civil docket for two or more years with no evidence of any activity.

   The Court has amended and reinstated Rule 230.2. The amendments have streamlined the procedure for the trial court to conduct an administrative purge of inactive cases, and are intended to ensure that the civil dockets reflect the current inventory of active cases, while encouraging attorneys to expeditiously litigate their cases.

   Several concerns with the suspended Rule 230.2 were identified. The suspended rule did not specify how often a court should conduct an administrative purge; it only provided a procedure should a court decide to conduct an administrative purge. In order to ensure that the civil case inventory is accurate, the amendment of subdivision (a) requires a court to conduct an administrative purge at least once a year. The court is also required to report such information to the Court Administrator of Pennsylvania with a form supplied by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts.

   A second problem identified with suspended Rule 230.2 was the provision for service of the notice of proposed termination in subdivision (b). In subdivision (b)(1), the suspended rule required service of the notice of proposed termination on counsel of record or unrepresented parties at least sixty days prior to the date of termination. To expedite the process, the amendment of subdivision (b)(1) shortens that time frame and require the notice to be served to at least thirty days prior to the date of termination.

   The suspended rule did not provide for modern, efficient methods for giving notice to counsel or unrepresented parties that cases were identified as having no activity on the docket for the previous two years. Subdivision (b)(2) of the suspended rule provided for the notice to be served by mail pursuant to Rule 440 at the last address of record. In the event that the notice was returned, publication was required in the legal publication designated by the court for such notices. In conjunction with the shortened time frame in subdivision (b)(1), the amendment of subdivision (b)(2) updates the method for giving notice by allowing the notice to be served electronically pursuant to Rule 205.4 governing electronic filing. The ability to serve notice by mail pursuant to Rule 440 has been retained, but publication in the legal journal when a notice has been returned has been eliminated.

   A third problem identified with suspended Rule 230.2 was the filing of statements of intention to proceed in order to keep a case active, but then not requiring any further obligation on counsel or an unrepresented party to move the case forward to resolution. Subdivision (c) of the suspended rule required an attorney or unrepresented party to file a statement of intention to proceed before the termination date stated in the notice in order to prevent the purging of the case from the docket. If no statement of intention to proceed was filed, the prothonotary was directed to enter an order terminating the matter for failure to prosecute. In the newly amended rule, this provision has been retained. However, new subdivision (h) encourages the trial court to manage its cases by scheduling a status conference and establishing appropriate timelines to insure a timely and efficient disposition of the case.

   Importantly, the amendment of Rule 230.2 retains the post-termination procedure set forth in subdivision (d) of the suspended rule, which allows a party to petition the court to reinstate the action. The suspended rule provided certain requirements for reinstatement depending whether the petition is filed within thirty days or beyond thirty days. While the requirements remain unchanged, subdivision (d) has been amended to provide for sixty days rather than thirty days. New subdivision (e), however, limits reinstatements of a case. If any case, previously reinstated, is terminated pursuant to this rule, then it is terminated with prejudice. No additional reinstatements will be granted. This provision is intended to encourage the efficient litigation of cases and to not let them languish on the docket.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 230.2 adopted March 20, 2003, effective July 1, 2003, 33 Pa.B. 1712; amended December 9, 2015, effective December 31, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7283; amended August 8, 2023, effective immediately, 53 Pa.B. 5105. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (392598) and (390047) to (390048).

Rule 231. Second Action.
 (a)  After a discontinuance or voluntary nonsuit the plaintiff may commence a second action upon the same cause of action upon payment of the costs of the former action.

 (b)  After the entry of a compulsory nonsuit the plaintiff may not commence a second action upon the same cause of action.

   Official Note

   For the right to move to take off a compulsory nonsuit, see Rule 227.1.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 231 amended April 4, 1990, effective July 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 2279. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (143659).

Rule 232. Counterclaim. Termination of Plaintiff’s Action.
 (a)  A discontinuance or nonsuit shall not affect the right of the defendant to proceed with a counterclaim theretofore filed.

 (b)  A counterclaim may not be terminated, in whole or in part, by the defendant, except by discontinuance or voluntary nonsuit, and subject to conditions similar to those applicable to the plaintiff.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 232 adopted September 30, 1949, effective April 1, 1950; amended April 4, 1990, effective July 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 2279. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (143659) to (143660).

Rule 233.  [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   For service of legal papers other than original process, see Rules 440 and 441.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 233 reserved effective June 20, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (83217) to (83218).

Rule 233.1. Frivolous Litigation. Pro Se Plaintiff. Motion to Dismiss.
 (a)  Upon the commencement of any action filed by a pro se plaintiff in the court of common pleas, a defendant may file a motion to dismiss the action on the basis that:

   (1)  the pro se plaintiff is alleging the same or related claims which the pro se plaintiff raised in a prior action against the same or related defendants, and

   (2)  these claims have already been resolved pursuant to a written settlement agreement or a court proceeding.

 (b)  The court may stay the action while the motion is pending.

 (c)  Upon granting the motion and dismissing the action, the court may bar the pro se plaintiff from pursuing additional pro se litigation against the same or related defendants raising the same or related claims without leave of court.

 (d)  The court may sua sponte dismiss an action that is filed in violation of a court order entered under subdivision (c).

   Official Note

   A pro se party is not barred from raising counterclaims or claims against other parties in litigation that the pro se plaintiff did not institute.

 (e)  The provisions of this rule do not apply to actions under the rules of civil procedure governing family law actions.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 233.1 adopted March 8, 2010, effective April 8, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 1490.

Rule 234. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   See Rule 234.1 et seq. governing subpoenas.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 234 adopted January 18, 1963, effective September 1, 1963; amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; rescinded December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (99836).

Rule 234.1. Subpoena to Attend and Testify.
 (a)  A subpoena is an order of the court commanding a person to attend and testify at a particular time and place. It may also require the person to produce documents or things which are under the possession, custody or control of that person.

   Official Note

   See Discovery Rule 4009.1 et seq. for a request upon a party and a subpoena upon a person not a party for the production of documents and things other than a deposition or a trial.

   The twenty-day notice requirement of Rule 4009.21(a) is not applicable to a subpoena issued under Rule 234.1 in connection with a deposition. The provision of Rule 4007.1(d)(2) thatmaterials subpoenaed in connection with a deposition ‘‘shall be produced at the deposition and not earlier, except upon the consent of all parties to the action,’’ serves the same purpose as the notice requirement under Rule 4009.21(a).

 (b)  A subpoena may be used to command a person to attend and to produce documents or things only at

   (1)  a trial or hearing in an action or proceeding pending in the court, or

   (2)  the taking of a deposition in an action or proceeding pending in the court.

 (c)  A subpoena may not be used to compel a person to appear or to produce documents or things ex parte before an attorney, a party or a representative of the party.

 (d)  A subpoena shall be served reasonably in advance of the date upon which attendance is required.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 234.1 adopted December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 7; amended April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921; amended November 24, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 6069; amended March 9, 2015, effective April 8, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 1490. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (349153) and (344991).

Rule 234.2. Subpoena. Issuance. Service. Compliance. Fees. Prisoners.
 (a)  Upon the request of a party, the prothonotary shall issue a subpoena signed and under the seal of the court but otherwise in blank, substantially in the form prescribed by Rule 234.6.

 (b)  A copy of the subpoena may be served upon any adult within the Commonwealth by an adult.

   Office Note

   For service of a subpoena upon a minor who is a witness, see subdivision (e).

   (1)  in the manner prescribed by Rule 402(a);

   (2)  by any form of mail requiring a return receipt, postage prepaid, restricted delivery. Service is complete upon delivery of the mail to the person subpoenaed or any of the persons referred to in Rule 402(a)(2). The return receipt may be signed by the person subpoenaed or any of such persons; or

   (3)  by ordinary mail. The mail shall contain two copies of the Notice and Acknowledgment prescribed by Rule 234.9 and a self-addressed stamped envelope.

   Official Note

   A subpoena served by ordinary mail is not enforceable unless the witness acknowledges having received it. See Rule 234.5(a).

 (c) The fee for one day’s attendance and round trip mileage shall be tendered upon demand at the time the person is served with a subpoena. If a subpoena is served by mail, a check in the amount of one day’s attendance and round trip mileage shall be enclosed with the subpoena.

   Official Note

   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  5903 for the compensation and expenses of witnesses. See also Evans v. Otis Elevator Co., 403 Pa. 13, 168 A.2d 573 (1961), regarding the right of an expert witness to refuse to testify on behalf of an adverse party.

 (d) A court may compel the attendance of any person confined in jail or prison by issuing, upon motion, an order directed to the custodian of the person so confined to release the person to the custody of a sheriff or other appropriate agent.

 (e)(1)  For the purposes of this subdivision, ‘‘guardian’’ shall mean any parent, custodian, or other person who has legal custody of a minor, or person designated by the court to be a temporary guardian for purposes of a proceeding.

   (2)(i)  Except as provided by subdivision (ii), if a witness is a minor, a copy of the subpoena shall be served upon the minor and the guardian of the minor within the Commonwealth by an adult in the manner prescribed in subdivision (b).

   Official Note

   See Rule 76 for definition of ‘‘minor.’’

     (ii)   Upon prior court approval and good cause shown, a copy of the subpoena may be served upon a minor who is a witness without serving a copy of the subpoena on the guardian. The copy of the subpoena shall be served upon the minor within the Commonwealth by an adult in the manner prescribed in subdivision (b).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 234.2 adopted December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 7; amended April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921; amended May 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2767; amended July 23, 2009, effective September 1, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 4738. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (256263) to (256264).

Rule 234.3. Notice to Attend. Notice to Produce.
 (a)  A party may compel the attendance of another party or an officer or managing agent thereof for trial or hearing by serving upon that party a notice to attend substantially in the form prescribed by Rule 234.7. The notice shall be served reasonably in advance of the date upon which attendance is required. The notice may also require the party to produce documents or things.

 (b)  If the attendance of another party is not required, a party may compel the production of documents or things by the other party by serving upon that party a notice to produce substantially in the form prescribed by Rule 234.8.

 (c)  A notice to attend and a notice to produce shall be served in the manner provided by Rule 440 for service of legal papers other than original process.

   Official Note

   The notice to attend and the notice to produce may be issued only to parties and may be served within or outside the Commonwealth.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 234.3 adopted December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 7.

Rule 234.4. Subpoena. Notice to Attend. Notice to Produce. Relief from Compliance. Motion to Quash.
 (a)  The party serving a subpoena or a notice to attend or a notice to produce may excuse compliance therewith.

 (b)  A motion to quash a subpoena, notice to attend or notice to produce may be filed by a party, by the person served or by any other person with sufficient interest. After hearing, the court may make an order to protect a party, witness or other person from unreasonable annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, burden or expense.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 234.4 adopted December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 7; amended April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (200254).

Rule 234.5. Failure to Comply with Subpoena. Notice to Attend or Notice to Produce.
 (a)  If a witness fails to comply with a subpoena, the court may issue a bench warrant and if the failure to comply is wilful may adjudge the witness to be in contempt. No bench warrant may be issued and no adjudication of contempt may be made for the nonappearance of a witness served by ordinary mail pursuant to Rule 234.2(b)(3) unless the witness has returned the signed form of acknowledgment prescribed by Rule 234.9.

 (b)  If a party fails to comply with a subpoena, a notice to attend or a notice to produce, the court may enter any order imposing appropriate sanctions authorized by Rule 4019(c) and, if the failure to comply is for the purpose of delay or in bad faith, the court may impose on that party the reasonable expenses actually incurred by the opposing party by reason of such delay or bad faith, including attorney’s fees. If the failure is wilful the court, after hearing may adjudge the party to be in contempt.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 234.5 adopted December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 7.

Rule 234.6. Form of Subpoena.
 A subpoena issued pursuant to Rule 234.1 shall be substantially in the following form:
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
County of


(Caption)
SUBPOENA TO ATTEND AND TESTIFY
To
:
    (Name(s) of Witness(es))
 1. You are ordered by the Court to come to

(Specify courtroom or other place)
at
, Pennsylvania, on
at
o’clock,
. M., to testify on behalf of
in the above case, and to remain until excused.
 2. And bring with you the following:




.
 If you fail to attend or to produce the documents or things required by this subpoena, you may be subject to the sanctions authorized by Rule 234.5 of thePennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure, including but not limited to costs, attorney fees and imprisonment.
Requested by:


(Attorney’s name, address, telephone number and identification number)

BY THE COURT,
Date:
   By
Seal of the Court           (Name of Prothonotary)

   Note

   This form of subpoena shall be used whenever a subpoena is issuable under Rule 234.1, including hearings in connection with depositions and before arbitrators, hearing officers, commissioners, etc.

   To require the production of documents or things in addition to testimony, complete paragraph 2.

   Return of Service: (Reverse side of Subpoena)

 On the

day of
,
, I
, served
with the fore(name of person served)
going subpoena by: (Describe method of service)


.
 I verify that the statements in this return of service are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S.A. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.
Date: 

…
(signature)        

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 234.6 adopted December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 7; amended April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended August 8, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 5108. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (255179) to (255180).

Rule 234.7. Form of Notice to Attend.
 The notice to attend required by Rule 234.3(a) shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)
NOTICE TO ATTEND
To
:   (Name(s) of Party/Parties)
 (1)  You are directed to come to

at (Court room or other place)    
, Pennsylvania, on
at
o’clock,
. M., to testify on behalf of
in the above case, and to remain until excused.
 (2)  And bring with you the following:





 If you fail to attend or to produce the documents or things required by this notice to attend, you may be subject to the sanctions authorized by Rule 234.5 of the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure.
Date:




Party or Party’s Attorney

Address

Telephone Number

   Official Note

   If the party to be served is a corporation or similar entity, designate the officer or managing agent whose attendance is being required.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 234.7 adopted December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 7.

Rule 234.8. Form of Notice to Produce.
 The notice to produce required by Rule 234.3(b) shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)
NOTICE TO PRODUCE
To
:    (Name(s) of Party/Parties)
 You are directed to produce the following:








at
,
, Pennsylvania,   (Courtroom or other place)     (Address)
on
at
o’clock
. M.
 If you fail to produce the documents or things required by this notice to produce, you may be subject to the sanctions authorized by Rule 234.5 of the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure.
Date:




(Party or Party’s Attorney)

(Address)

(Telephone Number)

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 234.8 adopted December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 7.

Rule 234.9. Notice and Acknowledgment of Receipt of Subpoena by Mail.
 The notice and acknowledgment of receipt of subpoena by mail required by Rule 234.2(b)(3) shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)
NOTICE
 To


 (Name of person to be served)
 The enclosed subpoena is served pursuant to Pennsylvania Rule of Civil Procedure 234.2(b)(3). Complete the acknowledgment part of this form and return the copy of the completed form to the sender in the enclosed self-addressed stamped envelope.

 Sign and date the acknowledgment. If you are served on behalf of a partnership, unincorporated association, corporation or similar entity, indicate under your signature your relationship to that entity. If you are served on behalf of another person and you are authorized to receive the subpoena, indicate under your signature your authority.
Date Notice Mailed:



Party serving subpoena or
Attorney for Party

ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF RECEIPT OF SUBPOENA

 I acknowledge receipt of a copy of the subpoena in the above captioned matter.
Date:

,



Signature

Relationship to entity or
authority to receive the
subpoena

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 234.9 adopted December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 7; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (246951) to (246952).

Rule 235. Notice to Attorney General. Constitutionality of Statute. Charitable Bequest or Trust.
 In any proceeding in a court subject to these rules in which an Act of Assembly is alleged to be unconstitutional or a charitable bequest or trust is involved and the Commonwealth is not a party, the party raising the question of constitutionality or the plaintiff in a proceeding involving a charitable bequest or trust shall promptly give notice thereof by registered mail to the Attorney General of Pennsylvania together with a copy of the pleading or other portion of the record raising the issue and shall file proof of the giving of the notice. The Attorney General may intervene as a party or may be heard without the necessity of intervention. The court in its discretion may stay the proceedings pending the giving of the notice and a reasonable opportunity to the Attorney General to respond thereto. If the circumstances of the case require the court may proceed without prior notice in which event notice shall be given as soon as possible; or the court may proceed without waiting action by the Attorney General in response to a notice.

   Official Note

   By Definition Rule 76, registered mail includes certified mail.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 235 adopted November 30, 1964, effective June 1, 1965; amended March 11, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 1274; amended August 3, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 3929. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (200258).

Rule 236. Notice by Prothonotary of Entry of Order or Judgment.
 (a)  The prothonotary shall immediately give written notice of the entry of

   (1)  a judgment entered by confession to the defendant by ordinary mail together with a copy of all documents filed with the prothonotary in support of the confession of judgment. The plaintiff shall provide the prothonotary with the required notice and documents for mailing and a properly stamped and addressed envelope; and

   (2)  any other order or judgment to each party’s attorney of record or, if unrepresented, to each party. The notice shall include a copy of the order or judgment.

   Official Note

   See Rules 1012 and 1025 as to the requirement of an address on an appearance and a pleading.

 (b)  The prothonotary shall note in the docket the giving of the notice and, when a judgment by confession is entered, the mailing of the required notice and documents.

 (c)  Failure to give the notice or when a judgment by confession is entered to mail the required documents, or both, shall not affect the lien of the judgment.

 (d)  The prothonotary may give the notice required by subdivision (a) or notice of other matters by facsimile transmission or other electronic means if the party to whom the notice is to be given or the party’s attorney has filed a written request for such method of notification or has included a facsimile or other electronic address on a prior legal paper filed in the action.

   Official Note

   Except as provided by subdivision (a)(1) relating to the entry of a judgment by confession, Rule 236 does not prescribe a particular method of giving notice. Methods of notice properly used by the prothonotary include, but are not limited to, service via United States mail and courthouse mail. Subdivision (d) governs facsimile transmission and other electronic means if the prothonotary chooses to use such a method.

   A facsimile or other electronic address set forth on letterhead is not a sufficient basis under this rule to authorize the prothonotary to give notice electronically.

   Notice by facsimile transmission or other electronic means is applicable not only to orders and judgments under subdivision (a) but also to ‘‘other matters’’ such as the scheduling of a conference, hearing or trial or other administrative matters. Where the technology involved provides an acknowledgment for the mailing or the receipt of the notice, the prothonotary should retain that acknowledgment as part of his or her file.

   See Rule 205.4 governing filling and service of legal papers by electronic means other than facsimile transmission.

   See Rule 440(d) governing service of legal papers other than original process by facsimile transmission.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 236 adopted October 4, 1973, effective December 1, 1973, amended March 9, 1977, effective April 10, 1977, 7 Pa.B. 839; amended March 11, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 1274; amended June 3, 1994, effective September 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 3017; amended November 28, 2000, effective January 1, 2001, 30 Pa.B. 6421; amended April 29, 2003, effective September 1, 2003, 33 Pa.B. 2356; amended December 16, 2003, effective July 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 9; amended June 12, 2006, effective July 1, 2006, 36 Pa.B. 3085; amended December 29, 2008, effective immediately, 39 Pa.B. 304. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (302438) and (331697).

Rule 237. Notice of Praecipe for Final Judgment.
 No praecipe for entry of judgment upon a nonsuit by the court, a verdict of a jury or a decision of a judge following a trial without a jury shall be accepted by the prothonotary unless it includes a certificate that a copy of the praecipe has been mailed to each other party who has appeared in the action or to the attorney of record for each other party.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 237 adopted March 28, 1973, effective July 1, 1973; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended December 16, 2003, effective July 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 9; amended November 2, 2007, effective January 1, 2008, 37 Pa.B. 6201. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (320271).

Rule 237.1. Notice of Praecipe for Entry of Judgment of Non Pros for Failure to File Complaint or by Default for Failure to Plead.
 (a)  As used in this rule,

   ‘‘judgment of non pros’’ means a judgment entered by praecipe pursuant to Rules 1037(a) and 1659;

   Official Note

   When a defendant appeals from a judgment entered in a magisterial district court, Pa.R.C.P.M.D.J. 1004(b) authorizes the appellant to file a praecipe for a rule as of course upon the appellee to file a complaint or suffer entry of a judgment of non pros. The entry of the judgment of non pros is governed by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1037(a) and is subject to this rule.

   ‘‘judgment by default’’ means a judgment entered by praecipe pursuant to Rules 1037(b), 1511(a), 3031(a) and 3146(a).

   (2)  No judgment of non pros for failure to file a complaint or by default for failure to plead shall be entered by the prothonotary unless the praecipe for entry includes a certification that a written notice of intention to file the praecipe was mailed or delivered:

     (i)   in the case of a judgment of non pros, after the failure to file a complaint and at least ten days prior to the date of the filing of the praecipe to the party’s attorney of record or to the party if unrepresented, or

     (ii)   in the case of a judgment by default, after the failure to plead to a complaint and at least ten days prior to the date of the filing of the praecipe to the party against whom judgment is to be entered and to the party’s attorney of record, if any.

 The ten-day notice period in subdivision (a)(2)(i) and (a)(2)(ii) shall be calculated forward from the date of the mailing or delivery, in accordance with Pa.R.J.A. 107.

   Official Note

   The final sentence of Rule 237.1(a)(2) alters the practice described in the decision of Williams v. Wade, 704 A.2d 132 (Pa. Super. 1997).

   (3)  A copy of the notice shall be attached to the praecipe.

   (4)  The notice and certification required by this rule may not be waived.

   Official Note

   A certification of notice is a prerequisite in all cases to the entry by praecipe of a judgment of non pros for failure to file a complaint or by default for failure to plead to a complaint. Once the ten-day notice has been given, no further notice is required by the rule even if the time to file the complaint or to plead to the complaint has been extended by agreement.

   See Rule 237.4 for the form of the notice of intention to enter a judgment of non pros and Rule 237.5 for the form of the notice of intention to enter a judgment by default.

 (b)  This rule does not apply to a judgment entered

   (1)  by an order of court,

   (2)  upon praecipe pursuant to an order of court, or

   (3)  pursuant to a rule to show cause.

   Official Note

   See Rule 3284 which requires that in proceedings to fix fair market value of real property sold, notice must be given pursuant to the requirements of Rule 237.1 et seq.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 237.1 adopted December 14, 1979, effective February 1, 1980, 10 Pa.B. 9; amended December 2, 1994, effective July 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6259; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended July 23, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 3884; amended May 19, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 3289; amended December 2, 2009, effective January 4, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 19; amended November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7143. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (347560).

Rule 237.2. Agreement to Extend Time to Plead Following Notice of Intention to Enter Judgment. Judgment of Non Pros or by Default.
 After the notice of intention to enter judgment required by Rule 237.1 has been given, the parties may agree in writing to extend the time within which to file a complaint, an answer or preliminary objections. The agreement shall be in the form prescribed by Rule 237.6 and shall be signed on behalf of both parties. If the required action is not taken within the time specified in the agreement, judgment of non pros or by default may be entered by the prothonotary without further notice under Rule 237.1.

   Official Note

   Rule 237.1(a)(4) provides that the requirements of notice and certification required by that rule may not be waived.

   

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 237.2 adopted December 2, 1994, effective July 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6259.

Rule 237.3. Relief from Judgment of Non Pros or by Default.
 (a)  A petition for relief from a judgment of non pros or by default entered pursuant to Rule 237.1 shall have attached thereto a copy of the complaint, preliminary objections, and/or answer which the petitioner seeks leave to file. All grounds for relief shall be raised in a single petition.

 (b)(1) If the petition is filed within ten days after the entry of a judgment of non pros on the docket, the court shall open the judgment if the proposed complaint states a meritorious cause of action.

   (2)  If the petition is filed within ten days after the entry of a default judgment on the docket, the court shall open the judgment if one or more of the proposed preliminary objections has merit or the proposed answer states a meritorious defense.

   Official Note

   Rule 236 requires the prothonotary to give notice of the entry of any judgment and to note in the docket the giving of the notice.

   The petitioner must act with reasonable diligence to see that the petition is promptly presented to the court if required by local practice.

   See Schultz v. Erie Insurance Exchange, 477 A.2d 471 (Pa. 1984) for the requirements for opening a judgment by default and Rule 3051 as to a judgment of non pros. Rule 237.3 does not change the law of opening judgments. Rather, the rule supplies two of the three requisites for opening such judgments by presupposing that a petition filed as provided by the rule is timely and with reasonable explanation or legitimate excuse for the inactivity or delay resulting in the entry of the judgment. The requirement of this rule for proceeding within ten days is not intended to set a standard for timeliness in circumstances outside this rule.

   See Rules 206.1 through 206.7 governing petition practice.

Explanatory Comment—1994
   Rule 237.3 governs relief from a judgment by default or of non pros. Subdivision (a) requires that a copy of the complaint, preliminary objections, or answer sought to be filed be attached to the petition for relief from the judgment. This enables the court to determine from the actual complaint, preliminary objections, or answer to be filed whether the complaint alleges a meritorious cause of action, one or more of the preliminary objections has merit, or the answer alleges a meritorious defense.

   Subdivision (b) eases the burden of a party against whom judgment has been entered and who ment of non pros within ten days after entry of the judgment on the docket, the rule requires the court to open the judgment if the proposed complaint states a meritorious cause of action. If the petitioner files a petition for relief from a default judgment within ten days after entry of the judgment on the docket, the rule requires the court to open the judgment if one or more of the proposed preliminary objections has merit or the proposed answer states a meritorious defense. The rule provides a date certain from which to measure the ten-day period and the language establishing the beginning of that period is derived from Rule 1308 governing appeals in compulsory arbitration.

   Case law has imposed three requirements for opening a judgment by default: a petition timely filed, a reasonable explanation or legitimate excuse for the inactivity or delay and a showing of a meritorious defense. Rule of Civil Procedure 3051 similarly states these three requisites for opening a judgment of non pros, substituting the showing of a meritorious cause of action rather than a meritorious defense. Rule 237.3(b) presumes that a petition filed within the required ten-day period is both timely and with reasonable explanation or legitimate excuse for the inactivity or delay. In this context, subdivision (b) requires that the judgment be opened if the petitioner attaches to the petition a complaint which states a meritorious cause of action, one or more preliminary objections which has merit, or an answer which states a meritorious defense. A note to the rule cautions that the rule is not intended to change the law relating to the opening of judgments in any way or to impose a new standard of timeliness in cases outside the limited circumstances set forth in the rule.moves promptly for relief from that judgment. If the petitioner files a petition for relief from a judge

   Illustrations

   In illustrations 1 through 3, the defendant has failed to plead within the required time to a complaint containing a notice to plead.

   1. Prior to receiving a notice of intention to enter a default judgment, defendant seeks an agreement with the plaintiff for an extension of time in which to plead. The parties may certainly agree to an extension of time and proceed in accordance with their agreement. However, such an agreement is really unnecessary since the plaintiff cannot enter judgment without giving the ten-day notice required by the rule and the ten-day notice cannot be waived. Defendant may plead within the time up to the date of mailing or delivery of the notice plus ten days. This period of time may be more than might be provided by any agreement. In addition, there is no danger of a judgment being entered as the required notice has not been given.

   2. Defendant has received the ten-day notice but cannot file the pleading within the ten-day period. Now, as provided by Rule 237.2, it is appropriate to seek an agreement to extend the time in which to plead since the plaintiff has given the notice which is prerequisite to the entry of judgment and actual entry of the judgment is imminent.

   3. Defendant has received the ten-day notice and obtained an agreement extending the time to plead. However, defendant does not plead within the agreed time. Plaintiff may enter judgment by default without further notice as provided by Rule 237.2 and the form of agreement set forth in Rule 237.6.

   In illustrations 4 and 5, the plaintiff has entered a valid judgment by default against the defendant and the prothonotary has entered the judgment in the docket and noted the date thereof. Thereafter, the defendant files a petition to open the judgment.

   4. The defendant files the petition to open the judgment within ten days of the date on which the prothonotary entered the judgment on the docket and seeks leave to file the answer attached to the petition. The defendant is entitled to the benefit of Rule 237.3(b)(2) by timely filing the petition and attaching an answer. Rule 237.3(b)(2) requires the court to open the judgment upon the defendant demonstrating to the court that the filing of the petition was within the ten-day period and that the answer attached to the petition states a meritorious defense.

   5. The defendant files a petition to open the judgment more than ten days after the date of entry of the judgment on the docket. The petition to open is not within the scope of Rule 237.3(b) which requires that the petition be ‘‘filed within ten days after the entry of the judgment on the docket’’. The defendant must proceed pursuant to case law and meet the standards of Schultz v. Erie Insurance Exchange, 477 A.2d 471 (Pa. 1984).

   Although these illustrations use the example of the entry of a judgment by default and a petition to open the judgment, they are adaptable and thus equally applicable to the entry of a judgment of non pros for failure to file a complaint and a petition to open such a judgment.

Explanatory Comment—2010
   The 1994 Explanatory Comment to Rule 237.3 provides several illustrations of the application of the rule. A discrepancy exists between Illustration 1 and Rule 237.1(a)(2)(ii) governing notice of praecipe to enter judgment of non pros or by default. The 1994 Explanatory Comment provides that the defendant may plead within the time of receiving the notice of praecipe plus ten days. Rule 237.1(a)(2)(ii) states that the ten-day period shall be calculated forward from the date of the mailing or delivery of the notice. The 1994 Explanatory Comment has been amended to conform with the text of Rule 237.1(a)(2)(ii).

Explanatory Comment—2019
   In 2016, Rule 237.3 was amended by adding preliminary objections as a type of pleading that may be attached to a petition for relief from a default judgment. By allowing the use of preliminary objections, the 2016 amendment was intended to give a defendant the same right to file a responsive pleading after the entry of a default judgment that is afforded to him or her prior to entry of a default judgment. In practice, however, litigants have interpreted this provision to permit the filing of a petition for relief with proposed preliminary objections attached, and then, when that petition is denied, to then file an additional petition for relief by attaching the proposed answer, notwithstanding the requirement that a petition for relief must be filed within 10 days of the entry of a default judgment. To promote procedural efficiency, Rule 237.3 has been amended to require a litigant to raise all grounds for relief in a single petition.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 237.3 adopted December 2, 1994, effective July 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6259; amended January 19, 2001, effective July 1, 2001, 31 Pa.B. 627; amended December 2, 2010, effective immediately, 41 Pa.B. 7; amended October 4, 2016, effective January 1, 2017, 46 Pa.B. 6610; amended December 18, 2019, effective April 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 198. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (395593) to (395594) and (384493).

Rule 237.4. Form of Notice of Praecipe to Enter Judgment of Non Pros.
 The notice required by Rule 237.1(a)(2) shall be substantially in the following form:

   (CAPTION)

   To: 


(Plaintiff)
(NOTE: Serve on unrepresented
plaintiff or on plaintiff’s attorney)
   Date of Notice: 



IMPORTANT NOTICE
 YOU ARE IN DEFAULT BECAUSE YOU HAVE FAILED TO FILE A COMPLAINT IN THIS CASE. UNLESS YOU ACT WITHIN TEN DAYS FROM THE DATE OF THIS NOTICE, A JUDGMENT MAY BE ENTERED AGAINST YOU WITHOUT A HEARING AND YOU MAY LOSE YOUR RIGHT TO SUE THE DEFENDANT AND THEREBY LOSE PROPERTY OR OTHER IMPORTANT RIGHTS.

 YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS PAPER TO YOUR LAWYER AT ONCE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER.

 IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.


(Name of Office)

(Address of Office)

(Telephone Number)

(Signature of Defendant
or Attorney

(Address)

   Official Note

   The office shall be that designated by the court under Rule 1018.1(c).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 237.4 adopted December 2, 1994, effective July 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6259; amended January 12, 1995, effective immediately, 25 Pa.B. 315; amended June 10, 2003, effective September 1, 2003, 33 Pa.B. 2974. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (274649) to (274650).

Rule 237.5. Form of Notice of Praecipe to Enter Judgment by Default.
 The notice required by Rule 237.1(a)(2) shall be substantially in the following form:

   (CAPTION)

   To: 


(Defendant)
Date of Notice: 

IMPORTANT NOTICE
 YOU ARE IN DEFAULT BECAUSE YOU HAVE FAILED TO ENTER A WRITTEN APPEARANCE PERSONALLY OR BY ATTORNEY AND FILE IN WRITING WITH THE COURT YOUR DEFENSES OR OBJECTIONS TO THE CLAIMS SET FORTH AGAINST YOU. UNLESS YOU ACT WITHIN TEN DAYS FROM THE DATE OF THIS NOTICE, A JUDGMENT MAY BE ENTERED AGAINST YOU WITHOUT A HEARING AND YOU MAY LOSE YOUR PROPERTY OR OTHER IMPORTANT RIGHTS.

 YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS PAPER TO YOUR LAWYER AT ONCE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER.

 IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.


(Name of Office)

(Address of Office)

(Telephone Number)
(Signature of Plaintiff
or Attorney)
(Address)
   Official Note

   The office shall be that designated by the court under Rule 1018.1(c).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 237.5 adopted December 2, 1994, effective July 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6259; amended January 12, 1995, effective immediately, 25 Pa.B. 315; amended June 10, 2003, effective September 1, 2003, 33 Pa.B. 2974. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (274650) to (274651).

Rule 237.6. Form of Agreement to Extend Time.
 An agreement to extend time required by Rule 237.2 shall be substantially in the following form:

 (Caption)

 AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 237.2 TO EXTEND TIME TO PLEAD FOLLOWING TEN-DAY NOTICE

 It is agreed that

(Plaintiff(s)) (Defendant(s))
(is) (are) granted an extension of time through
,
in which to file
 

1. a complaint.
 

2. an answer.
 

3. an answer or preliminary objections.
 After the above date, a judgment of non pros or by default, as may be appropriate, may be entered upon praecipe without further notice.

   Date: 


Attorney for
   Date: 


Attorney for

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 237.6 adopted December 2, 1994, effective July 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6259; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (234183).

Rule 238. Damages for Delay in an Action for Bodily Injury, Death or Property Damage.
 (a)(1) At the request of the plaintiff in a civil action seeking monetary relief for bodily injury, death or property damage, damages for delay shall be added to the amount of compensatory damages awarded against each defendant or additional defendant found to be liable to the plaintiff in the verdict of a jury, in the decision of the court in a nonjury trial or in the award of arbitrators appointed under section 7361 of the Judicial Code, 42 Pa.C.S. §  7361, and shall become part of the verdict, decision or award.

   (2)  Damages for delay shall be awarded for the period of time from a date one year after the date original process was first served in the action up to the date of the award, verdict or decision.

   (3)  Damages for delay shall be calculated at the rate equal to the prime rate as listed in the first edition of the Wall Street Journal published for each calendar year for which the damages are awarded, plus one percent, not compounded.

 (b)(1) The period of time for which damages for delay shall be calculated under subdivision (a)(2) shall exclude the period of time, if any,

     (i)   after the defendant made a written offer which complied with the requirements of subdivision (b)(2), provided that the plaintiff obtained a recovery which did not exceed the amount described in subdivision (b)(3), or

     (ii)   during which the plaintiff caused delay of the trial.

   Official Note

   This rule does not preclude the suspension of damages for delay as a pre-trial sanction under Discovery Rule 4019.

   In additional defendant proceedings, the additional defendant will be considered the defendant, for purposes of this subdivision, and the plaintiff will be considered either the original defendant if liability over is claimed, or the original plaintiff if direct liability is claimed, or both if both forms of liability are claimed.

   (2)  The written offer of settlement required by subdivision (b)(1)(i) shall contain an express clause continuing the offer in effect for at least ninety days or until commencement of trial, whichever occurs first, and shall either

     (i)   be in a specified sum with prompt cash payment, or

     (ii)   contain a structured settlement plus any cash payment. An offer that includes a structured settlement shall disclose the terms of payment underwritten by a financially responsible entity, the identity of the underwriter and the cost.

   Official Note

   The offer of the cost of the structured settlement and any cash payment must remain open for ninety days. The cost of the entire structured settlement must remain the same while the terms of the payment may vary and have to be recalculated at the time of acceptance due to market fluctuation over the ninety-day period during which the offer must remain open.

   (3)  The plaintiff’s recovery required by subdivision (b)(1)(i), whether by award, verdict or decision, exclusive of damages for delay, shall not be more than 125 percent of either the specified sum or the cost of the structured settlement plus any cash payment to the plaintiff.

 (c) Not later than ten days after the verdict or notice of the decision, the plaintiff may file a written motion requesting damages for delay and setting forth the computation. The motion shall begin with the following notice:

   

  NOTICE
 You are hereby notified to file a written answer to the attached motion for delay damages within twenty days from the filing of the motion or the delay damages sought in the motion may be added to the verdict or decision against you.

   (1)  Within twenty days after the motion is filed, the defendant may answer specifying the grounds for opposing the plaintiff’s motion. The averments of the answer shall be deemed denied. If an issue of fact is raised, the court may, in its discretion, hold a hearing before entering an appropriate order.

   Official Note

   An order of the court on the motion for delay damages shall not be subject to a motion for post-trial relief.

   (2)  If the defendant does not file an answer and oppose the motion, the prothonotary upon praecipe shall add the damages for delay to the verdict or decision in the amount set forth in the motion.

   (3)(i)  If a motion for post-trial relief has been filed under Rule 227.1 and a motion for delay damages is pending, a judgment may not be entered until disposition has been made of all motions filed under Rule 227.1 and this rule.

     (ii)   If no motion for post-trial relief is filed within the ten-day period under Rule 227.1 but the defendant opposes the motion for delay damages, the plaintiff may enter judgment on the verdict or decision. Thereafter, upon deciding the motion for damages for delay, the court shall enter judgment for the amount of the delay damages, if any.

 (d)(1)  In an action heard by a board of arbitrators on which damages for delay are requested, at least twenty days prior to the hearing the plaintiff shall notify the defendant of the intention to request delay damages and the date from which they are to be calculated. A defendant who objects to the request shall submit to the plaintiff within ten days prior to the hearing a statement setting forth the objections and whether

     (i)   the defendant made an offer in writing and, if so, the amount and the date of the offer; and

     (ii)   there was a period of time during which delay of the arbitration hearing was attributable to the plaintiff. Each party shall submit to the board at the hearing a sealed envelope containing the plaintiff’s request and the defendant’s statement. Immediately upon making an award, the board of arbitrators shall review the contents of the envelopes and add damages for delay, if any, to the award. If the defendant opposes the request, the board may hold a hearing on the issue of damages for delay and shall immediately thereafter determine the amount of damages for delay, if any. Damages for delay shall be separately stated in the report and award of the arbitrators.

   Official Note

   This rule contemplates that the board of arbitrators will make its award immediately upon conclusion of the hearing and that it will then proceed to consider the issue of damages for delay.

   (2)  The damages for delay shall not be included in determining whether the amount in controversy is within the jurisdiction of the arbitrators.

 (e)  This rule shall not apply to

   (1)  eminent domain proceedings;

   Official Note

   See Article VI, section 611 of the Eminent Domain Code of 1964, Special Session, June 23, P.L. 84, 26 P.S. §  1-611, governing compensation for delay in payment.

   (2)  actions in which damages for delay are allowable in absence of this rule.

   Official Note

   See Marrazzo v. Scranton Nehi Bottling Co., Inc., 438 Pa. 72, 263 A.2d 336 (1970), for instances in which compensation for delay may be allowed in actions for destruction or involuntary conversion of property where the compensation can be measured by market value or other definite standards.

 (f)  This rule shall apply to actions pending on or after the effective date of this rule in which damages for delay have not been determined.

Addendum to Explanatory Comment (2025)
 The prime rate as set forth in the first edition of the Wall Street Journal for a particular year is the basis for calculating damages for delay under Pa.R.Civ.P. 238 as revised November 7, 1988. The prime rate published in the first edition of the Wall Street Journal for each of the years specified is as follows:


Date of Publication	Prime Rate Percentage
January 2, 2025	7 1/2
January 2, 2024	8 1/2
January 3, 2023	7 1/2
January 3, 2022	3 1/4
January 4, 2021	3 1/4
January 2, 2020	4 3/4
January 2, 2019	5 1/2
January 2, 2018	4 1/2
January 3, 2017	3 3/4
January 4, 2016	3 1/2
January 2, 2015	3 1/4
January 2, 2014	3 1/4
January 2, 2013	3 1/4
January 3, 2012	3 1/4
January 3, 2011	3 1/4
January 4, 2010	3 1/4
January 2, 2009	3 1/4
January 2, 2008	7 1/4
January 2, 2007	8 1/4
January 3, 2006	7 1/4
January 3, 2005	5 1/4
January 2, 2004	4    
January 2, 2003	4 1/4
January 2, 2002	4 3/4
January 2, 2001	9 1/2
January 3, 2000	8 1/2
January 4, 1999	7 3/4
January 2, 1998	8 1/2

Comment:
   The prime rate for the years 1980 through 1997 may be found in the Addendum to the Explanatory Comment published in the Pennsylvania Bulletin, 33 Pa.B. 634 (February 1, 2003), and on the web site of the Civil Procedural Rules Committee at https://www.pacourts.us.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 238 adopted November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended December 16, 1983, effective July 1, 1984, 13 Pa.B. 3999; amended November 7, 1988, effective immediately, 18 Pa.B. 5334. The provisions of the Addendum to the Explanatory Comment amended February 2, 1990, effective January 2, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 487; amended February 1, 1991, effective January 2, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 414; amended March 6, 1992, effective January 2, 1992, 22 Pa.B. 947; amended March 26, 1993, effective January 4, 1993, 23 Pa.B. 1443; amended February 18, 1994, effective January 3, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 960; amended January 27, 1995, effective January 3, 1995, 25 Pa.B. 316; amended February 9, 1996, effective January 2, 1996, 26 Pa.B. 585; amended January 17, 1997, effective January 2, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 293; amended September 24, 1997, effective January 1, 1998, 27 Pa.B. 5245; amended January 23, 1998, effective January 24, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 359; amended January 22, 1999, effective January 4, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 449; amended January 29, 2000, effective January 3, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 519; amended January 19, 2001, effective January 21, 2001, 31 Pa.B. 410; amended February 1, 2002, effective February 2, 2002, 32 Pa.B. 548; amended July 29, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 3885; amended January 31, 2003, effective January 2, 2003, 33 Pa.B. 634; amended January 31, 2004, effective January 2, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 557; amended January 21, 2005, effective January 3, 2005, 35 Pa.B. 500; amended January 20, 2006, effective January 3, 2006, 36 Pa.B. 272; amended January 19, 2007, effective January 2, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 312; amended January 18, 2008, effective January 19, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 337; amended January 16, 2009, effective January 17, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 304; amended January 22, 2010, effective January 23, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 518; amended January 14, 2011, effective January 15, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 333; amended January 20, 2012, effective January 21, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 377; amended January 25, 2013, effective January 26, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 525; amended January 17, 2014, effective January 18, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 323; amended January 16, 2015, effective January 17, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 291; amended January 15, 2016, effective January 16, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 332; amended January 13, 2017, effective January 14, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 178; amended January 12, 2018, effective January 13, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 224; amended January 11, 2019, effective January 12, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 169; amended January 17, 2020, effective January 18, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 306; amended January 15, 2021, effective January 16, 2021, 51 Pa.B. 265; amended January 21, 2022, effective January 22, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 440; amended January 13, 2023, effective January 14, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 322; amended January 12, 2024, effective January 13, 2024, 54 Pa.B. 138; amended January 17, 2025, effective January 18, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 438. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377621) to (377622) and (418239) to (418241).

Rule 239. Local Rules.
 The requirements for the promulgation and amendment of local rules of civil procedure are set forth in Pennsylvania Rule of Judicial Administration 103(d).

   Official Note

   Effective August 1, 2016, Pennsylvania Rule of Judicial Administration 103 was amended to consolidate and include all local rulemaking requirements. Accordingly, the requirements under Rule 239 for the promulgation and amendment of local rules of civil proce- dure were rescinded and replaced. All local rules previously promulgated in accordance with the requirements of this rule prior to rescission remain effective upon compilation and publication pursuant to Pa.R.J.A. No. 103(d)(7).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 239 adopted January 28, 1983, effective July 1, 1983, 13 Pa.B. 685; amended May 19, 1987, effective July 1, 1987, 17 Pa.B. 2137; amended December 29, 1992, effective July 1, 1993, 23 Pa.B. 248 and 701; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended November 28, 2000, effective January 1, 2001, 30 Pa.B. 6421; amended October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B. 5506; amended June 30, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 3677; amended October 15, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 5890; amended December 15, 2010, effective immediately, 41 Pa.B. 215; amended June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3797. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (379938) and (354873) to (354874).

Rule 239.1. Pleadings and Legal Papers. Local Rules 205.2(a) and 205.2(b).
 (a)  A court may impose requirements governing the physical characteristics of pleadings and other legal papers. A court which imposes such requirements must promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 205.2(a), listing those requirements.

 (b)  A court may require pleadings and other legal papers to be accompanied by a cover sheet in the form set forth in the local rule. A court which imposes such requirements must promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 205.2(b), stating the requirements and setting forth the form of the cover sheet.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 239.1 adopted October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B 5506.

Rule 239.2. Petitions. Rule to Show Cause. Local Rules 206.1(a) and 206.4(c).
 (a)  If, pursuant to Rule 206.1(a)(2), a court has designated applications which are to proceed under Rule 206.1 et seq., the court must promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 206.1(a), listing those applications.

 (b)  Every court shall promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 206.4(c), which describes the court’s procedures for the issuance of a rule to show cause.

 (c)(1) If a court has by local rule adopted the procedure of Rule 206.6 providing for the issuance of a rule to show cause as of course, Local Rule 206.4(c) shall expressly

     (i)   state that the rule shall issue as a matter of course pursuant to Rule 206.6, and

     (ii)   describe the steps that the moving party must take for the rule to issue.

   (2)  Local Rule 206.4(c) shall also describe the manner by which the court considers a petitioner’s request for a stay of execution pending disposition of a petition to open a default judgment.

 (d)  If a court follows the procedure of Rule 206.5 under which the issuance of a rule to show cause is discretionary, Local Rule 206.4(c)

   (1)  shall describe the manner in which the request for the issuance of the rule is scheduled, argued, and decided, and

   (2)  may impose requirements for the filing of briefs addressing whether a rule to show cause should issue.

 (e)  In addition to the matters set forth in subdivision (b) or (c), Local Rule 206.4(c) may impose requirements upon the moving party to

   (1)  transmit the original and/or copies of the petition and related legal papers to a judge or other court personnel, and

   (2)  notify other parties of the date, time and location of a court proceeding.

   Official Note

   Local Rule 206.4(c) shall not modify the provisions of Rules 206.1 through 206.2 governing the contents of a petition or answer, Rule 206.3 governing verification, or Rule 206.7 governing the procedure after issuance of a rule to show cause.

   Local Rule 206.4(c) shall not alter the form of the order of court required by Rule 206.5(d), which sets forth the dates by which an answer shall be filed and depositions shall be completed, and the date of the final argument. Pursuant to the Note to Rule 206.5(d), the form of the order may be modified to provide for an evidentiary hearing on disputed issues of fact, the use of forms of discovery other than depositions, the filing of briefs, and disposition without oral argument.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 239.2 adopted October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B 5506; amended October 15, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 5889. Immediately preceeding text appears at serial pages (304780) and (301329).

Rule 239.3. Motions. Local Rules 208.2(c), 208.2(d), 208.2(e), 208.3(a) and 208.3(b).
 (a)  A court may impose a requirement that a motion include a brief statement of the applicable authority. A court which has imposed this requirement must promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 208.2(c), stating the requirement.

 (b)  A court may impose a certification requirement for motions that are presented as uncontested. A court which imposes such a certification requirement must promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 208.2(d), stating the requirement.

 (c)  A court may require any motion relating to discovery to include a certification signed by counsel for the moving party certifying that counsel has con-ferred or attempted to confer with all interested parties in order to resolve the matter without court action. A court which requires such a certification must promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 208.2(e), stating the requirement.

 (d)  Every court shall promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 208.3(a), which describes the court’s motion procedure under Rule 208.3(a). Local Rule 208.3(a)

   (1)  shall describe the manner in which

     (i)   motions are scheduled, argued and decided and

     (ii)   emergency motions are scheduled, argued, and decided if they are governed by a different procedure, and

   (2)  may impose requirements upon a party to

     (i)   transmit the original and/or copies of the motion and related legal papers to a judge or other court personnel; and

     (ii)   notify other parties of the time, date and location of a court proceeding.

 (e)  If, pursuant to Rule 208.3(b), a court has imposed requirements for the filing of a response, a brief or both with respect to designated motions, the court shall promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 208.3(b), which lists those motions and requirements and which describes the court’s motion practice under Rule 208. 3(b). Local Rule 208.3(b) shall conform to the requirements of subdivision (d) of this rule and may provide that the motion shall be treated as uncontested if a response is not filed.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 239.3 adopted October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B 5506; amended October 15, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa. B. 5889. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (301329) to (301330).

Rule 239.4. Briefs. Local Rule 210.
 A court may impose requirements governing the form and content of a brief. A court which imposes such requirements must promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 210, listing those requirements.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 239.4 adopted October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B 5506.

Rule 239.5. Preliminary Objections. Local Rule 1028(c).
 (a)  Every court shall promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 1028(c), which describes the court’s procedures for the disposition of preliminary objections and which

   (1)  shall set forth the manner in which preliminary objections are scheduled, argued and decided, and

   (2)  may impose requirements upon a party to

     (i)   transmit the original and/or copies of the preliminary objections and related legal papers to a judge or other court personnel,

     (ii)   notify other parties of the date, time and location of a court proceeding, and

     (iii)   file briefs.

   Official Note

   Under Rules 1026 and 1029, an answer to preliminary objections shall be filed within twenty days after service of the preliminary objection whenever preliminary objections raise issues of fact and are endorsed with a notice to plead. This requirement shall not be altered by a local rule.

 (b)  This rule shall not apply to family law actions governed by Rules 1901 through 1940.9 or actions pursuant to the Eminent Domain Code of 1964.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 239.5 adopted October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B 5506.

Rule 239.6. Motion for Judgment on the Pleadings. Local Rule 1034(a).
 Every court shall promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 1034(a), which describes the court’s procedures for the disposition of a motion for judgment on the pleadings and which

   (1)  shall set forth the manner in which motions for judgment on the pleadings are scheduled, argued and decided, and

   (2)  may impose requirements upon a party to

     (i)   transmit the original and/or copies of the motion and related legal papers to a judge or other court personnel,

     (ii)   notify other parties of the date, time and location of a court proceeding,

     (iii)   file a response within twenty days after service of the motion, and

     (iv)   file briefs.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 239.6 adopted October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B 5506.

Rule 239.7. Motion for Summary Judgment. Local Rule 1035.2(a).
 Every court shall promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 1035.2(a), which describes the court’s procedures for the disposition of motions for summary judgment and which

   (1)  shall set forth the manner in which motions for summary judgment are scheduled, argued and decided, and

   (2)  may impose requirements upon a party to

     (i)   transmit the original and/or copies of the motion and related legal papers to a judge or other court personnel,

     (ii)   notify other parties of the date, time and location of a court proceeding, and

     (iii)   file briefs.

   Official Note

   The procedural requirements of Rule 1035.1 et seq., including the thirty-day period of Rule 1035.3(a) in which to file a response to the motion, shall not be altered by a local rule.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 239.7 adopted October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B 5506.

Rule 239.8. Local Rules. Promulgation. Publication. Effective Date.
 The requirements for the promulgation and amendment of local rules of civil procedure are set forth in Pennsylvania Rule of Judicial Administration 103(d).

   Official Note

   Effective August 1, 2016, Pennsylvania Rule of Judicial Administration 103 was amended to consolidate and include all local rulemaking requirements. Accordingly, the requirements under Rule 239.8 for the promulgation and amendment of local rules of civil pro-cedure were rescinded and replaced. All local rules previously promulgated in accordance with the requirements of this rule prior to rescission remain effective upon compilation and publication pursuant to Pa.R.J.A. No. 103(d)(7).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 239.8 adopted October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B 5506; amended June 30, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 3677; amended November 2, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 6318; amended December 15, 2010, effective immediately, 41 Pa.B. 215; amended June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3797. Immediately preceeding text appears at serial page (354878).

Rule 239.9. Electronic Filing. Local Rule 205.4.
 (a)  If a court permits or requires the electronic filing of legal papers with the prothonotary, the court must promulgate a local rule designated Local Rule 205.4 which sets forth in detail the practice and procedure to file a legal paper electronically and includes the matters set forth in this rule.

 (b)  Local Rule 205.4 shall include the following subdivisions as required by Pa.R.C.P. No. 205.4:

   (1)  subdivision (a)(1) stating whether the electronic filing system is permissive or mandatory and specifying the actions and proceedings and the legal papers subject to the rule,

   (2)  subdivision (b)(1) setting forth one or more formats in which legal papers shall be submitted to the prothonotary for filing. The formats shall include portable document format (pdf) and such other electronic format, if any, that the court may designate,

   (3)  subdivision (c)(2) providing a method of access to the electronic filing website for persons who are not attorneys,

   (4)  subdivision (d)(1) listing the credit and debit cards approved by the court or the prothonotary, and stating whether the filing fee may be paid by depositing, in advance, sufficient funds with the prothonotary,

   (5)  subdivision (d)(3) providing the manner of payment when the court has designated a third party to operate the electronic filing system, and

   (6)  subdivision (f) providing the practice and procedure to govern the matters provided for in Rule 205.4(f).

 (c)  Local Rule 205.4 may contain such additional subdivisions as the court deems necessary to provide a full and complete description of the electronic filing system.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 239.9 adopted November 14, 2007, effective December 14, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 6258; amended June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3797. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (354878) and (360813).

Rule 240. In Forma Pauperis.
 (a)  This rule shall apply to all civil actions and proceedings except actions pursuant to the Protection From Abuse Act and Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation Act.

   Official Note

   The term ‘‘all civil actions and proceedings’’ includes all domestic relations actions except those brought pursuant to the Protection From Abuse Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6106, and Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation Act, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  62A01—62A60.

 (b) A party who is without financial resources to pay the costs of litigation is entitled to proceed in forma pauperis.

 (c)  Except as provided by subdivision (d), the party shall file a petition and an affidavit in the form prescribed by subdivision (h). The petition may not be filed prior to the commencement of an action or proceeding or the taking of an appeal.

   (1) (i) If the petition is filed simultaneously with the commencement of the action or proceeding or with the taking of the appeal, the prothonotary shall docket the matter and petition without the payment of any filing fee.

     (ii)   If the court shall thereafter deny the petition, the petitioner shall pay the filing fee for commencing the action or proceeding or taking the appeal. A party required to pay such fee may not without leave of court take any further steps in the action, proceeding or appeal so long as such fee remains unpaid. Not sooner than ten days after notice of the denial of the petition pursuant to Rule 236, the prothonotary shall enter a judgment of non pros in the action or proceeding or strike the appeal if the fee remains unpaid. The action, proceeding or appeal shall be reinstated only by the court for good cause shown.

   (2)  If the action or proceeding is commenced or the appeal is taken without the simultaneous filing of a petition, the appropriate filing fee must be paid and shall not be refunded if a petition is thereafter filed and granted.

   (3)  Except as provided by subdivision (j)(2), the court shall act promptly upon the petition and shall enter its order within twenty days from the date of the filing of the petition. If the petition is denied, in whole or in part, the court shall briefly state its reasons.

 (d)(1) If the party is represented by an attorney, the prothonotary shall allow the party to proceed in forma pauperis upon the filing of a praecipe which contains a certification by the attorney that he or she is providing free legal service to the party and believes the party is unable to pay the costs.

   (2)  The praecipe shall be substantially in the form prescribed by subdivision (i).

 (e)  A party permitted to proceed in forma pauperis has a continuing obligation to inform the court of improvement in the party’s financial circumstances which will enable the party to pay costs.

 (f)  A party permitted to proceed in forma pauperis shall not be required to

   (1)  pay any cost or fee imposed or authorized by Act of Assembly or general rule which is payable to any court or prothonotary or any public officer or employee, or

   (2)  post bond or other security for costs as a condition for commencing an action or proceeding or taking an appeal.

 (g)  If there is a monetary recovery by judgment or settlement in favor of the party permitted to proceed in forma pauperis, the exonerated fees and costs shall be taxed as costs and paid to the prothonotary by the party paying the monetary recovery. In no event shall the exonerated fees and costs be paid to the indigent party.

 (h)  The affidavit in support of a petition for leave to proceed in forma pauperis shall be substantially in the following form:
(Caption)

   1. I am the (plaintiff) (defendant) in the above matter and because of my financial condition am unable to pay the fees and costs of prosecuting or defending the action or proceeding.

   2. I am unable to obtain funds from anyone, including my family and associates, to pay the costs of litigation.

   3. I represent that the information below relating to my ability to pay the fees and costs is true and correct:

 (a)  Name:


Address:


 (b)  Employment
 If you are presently employed, state
Employer:


Address:

Salary or wages per month:

Type of work:

 If you are presently unemployed, state
Date of last employment:

Salary or wages per month:

Type of work:

 (c)  Other income within the past twelve months
Business or profession:


Other self-employment:

Interest:

Dividends:

Pension and annuities:

Social security benefits:

Support payments:

Disability payments:

Unemployment compensation and
supplemental benefits:

  Workers’ compensation:


Public assistance:

Other:

 (d)  Other contributions to household support
(Wife) (Husband) Name:


 If your (wife) (husband) is employed, state
Employer:

Salary or wages per month:

Type of work:

Contributions from children:

Contributions from parents:

Other contributions:

 (e)  Property owned
Cash:


Checking account:

Savings account:

Certificates of deposit:

Real estate (including home):

Motor vehicle: Make
, Year

Cost
, Amount Owed $

Stocks and bonds:

Other:

 (f)  Debts and Obligations
Mortgage:


Rent:

Loans:
Other:

 (g)  Persons dependent upon you for support
(Wife) (Husband) Name:


Children, if any:
Initials:
 Age:

  

  

Other Persons:Name:

Relationship:
 4. I understand that I have a continuing obligation to inform the court of improvement in my financial circumstances which would permit me to pay the costs incurred herein.

 5. I verify that the statements made in this affidavit are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.
Date:

…

Petitioner
 (i)  The praecipe required by subdivision (d) shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)

PRAECIPE TO PROCEED IN FORMA PAUPERIS


To the Prothonotary:

 Kindly allow

, (Plaintiff) (Defendant) to proceed in forma pauperis.
 I,

, attorney for the party proceeding in forma pauperis, certify that I believe the party is unable to pay the costs and that I am providing free legal service to the party.
   

Attorney for
 (j)(1)  If, simultaneous with the commencement of an action or proceeding or the taking of an appeal, a party has filed a petition for leave to proceed in forma pauperis, the court prior to acting upon the petition may dismiss the action, proceeding or appeal if the allegation of poverty is untrue or if it is satisfied that the action, proceeding or appeal is frivolous.

   Official Note

   A frivolous action or proceeding has been defined as one that ‘‘lacks an arguable basis either in law or in fact.’’ Neitzke v. Williams, 490 U.S. 319, 109 S.Ct. 1827, 104 L.Ed.2d 338 (1989).

   (2)  If the petitioner commences the action by writ of summons, the court shall not act on the petition for leave to proceed in forma pauperis until the complaint is filed. If the complaint has not been filed within ninety days of the filing of the petition, the court may dismiss the action pursuant to subdivision (j)(1).

   Official Note

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 205.6.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 240 adopted March 25, 1983, effective April 1, 1983, 13 Pa.B. 1125; amended March 11, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 1274; amended November 26, 1991, effective January 1, 1992, 21 Pa.B. 5715; amended April 3, 1992, effective immediately, 22 Pa.B. 2221; amended June 3, 1994, effective September 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 3018; amended April 19, 1995, effective July 1, 1995, 25 Pa.B. 1767; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended June 8, 2001, effective July 1, 2001, 31 Pa.B. 3305; amended October 22, 2009, effectively immediately, 39 Pa.B. 6426; amended March 2, 2012, effective April 2, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 1363; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 475; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3519. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390059) to (390063).

Rule 242. Citation of Authorities.
 Citation of authorities in matters subject to these rules shall be in accordance with Pa.R.A.P. 126.

   Note

   See also 210 Pa. Code §  65.37 and Wenk v. State Farm Fire and Casualty Co., 228 A.3d 540, 552 n.11 (Pa. Super. 2020) for citing to non-precedential decisions of the Superior Court; and Pa.R.A.P. 3716 and 210 Pa. Code §  69.414 for citing to non-precedential decisions of the Commonwealth Court.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 242 added January 5, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 440.

Rule 247. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   Former Rule 247 is no longer necessary. Jurisdiction in the courts of common pleas of appeals from arbitration awards in public employment disputes between local government units and their employes is now provided by Section 933(b) of the Judicial Code, 42 Pa.C.S. §  933(b), effective June 27, 1978.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 247 adopted June 25, 1976, 6 Pa.B. 1472, amended May 24, 1979, effective December 30, 1978, 9 Pa.B. 1854. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (40028) and (40029).

Rule 247.1. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 247.1 rescinded March 16, 1981, effective May 15, 1981, 11 Pa.B. 1078. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (48421).

Rule 248. Modification of Time.
 The time prescribed by any rule of civil procedure for the doing of any act may be extended or shortened by written agreement of the parties or by order of court.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 248 adopted January 4, 1952, effective July 1, 1952.

Rule 249. Authority of Individual Judge.
 (a)  Except where the court is required to act en banc, a judge may perform any function of the court, including the entry of interlocutory or ex parte orders and other matters in the nature thereof.

 (b)  A judge may perform a function of the court, other than trying an action, at any time and at any place within the judicial district.

 (c)  Each court may regulate the assignment of business among its judges.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 249 adopted January 4, 1952, effective July 1, 1952; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2266; amended December 16, 2003, effective July 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 9. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (286950).

Rule 250. Scope of Chapter.
 The rules of this chapter shall apply to all civil actions and proceedings.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 250 adopted September 30, 1949, effective April 1, 1950; amended December 16, 2003, effective July 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 9. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (301336).
























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter400/chap400toc.html 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 400. SERVICE OF ORIGINAL PROCESS
SERVICE GENERALLY
Rule


400.    Person to Make Service.
400.1.    Provisions for All Courts of the First Judicial District.
401.    Time for Service. Reissuance, Reinstatement, and Substitution of Original Process.
402.    Manner of Service. Acceptance of Service.
403.    Service by Mail.
404.    Service Outside the Commonwealth.
405.    Return of Service.
SERVICE IN PARTICULAR ACTIONS

410.    Real Property Actions.
411.    Actions for Support.
412.    Actions for Custody, Partial Custody and Visitation. Actions for Divorce or Annulment of Marriage.
SERVICE UPON PARTICULAR PARTIES

420.    Minors.
421.    Incapacitated Persons.
422.    The Commonwealth and Political Subdivisions.
423.    Partnerships and Unincorporated Associations.
424.    Corporations and Similar Entities.
425.    Additional Defendants.
SERVICE PURSUANT TO
SPECIAL ORDER OF COURT

430.    Service Pursuant to Special Order of Court. Publication.
SERVICE OF LEGAL PAPERS
OTHER THAN ORIGINAL PROCESS

440.    Service of Legal Papers other than Original Process.
441.    Service on Minors or Incapacitated Persons.
449.    Acts of Assembly Not Suspended. Abolition of Practice and Procedure Under Repealed Statutes.
SERVICE GENERALLY

Rule 400. Person to Make Service.
 (a)  Except as provided in subdivisions (b) and (c) and in Rules 400.1 and 1930.4, original process shall be served within the Commonwealth only by the sheriff.

 (b)  In addition to service by the sheriff, original process may be served also by a competent adult in the following actions:

   (1)  a civil action in which the complaint includes a request for injunctive relief under Rule 1531, perpetuation of testimony under Rule 1532, or appointment of a receiver under Rule 1533;

   (2)  partition;

   (3)  a declaratory judgment when declaratory relief is the only relief sought; and

   (4) a civil action in which there is a complete diversity of citizenship between all plaintiffs and all defendants, and at least one defendant is a citizen of Pennsylvania.

   Note

   See Rule 76 for the definition of ‘‘competent adult.’’

   Service of original process in domestic relations matters is governed by Rule 1930.4.

 (c)  When the sheriff is a party to the action, original process shall be served by the coroner or other officer authorized by law to perform the duties of coroner.

 (d)  If service is to be made by the sheriff in a county other than the county in which the action was commenced, the sheriff of the county where service may be made shall be deputized for that purpose by the sheriff of the county where the action was commenced.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 400 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended May 11, 1990, effective immediately, 20 Pa.B. 2737; amended October 2, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4518; amended May 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2767; amended June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191; amended December 16, 2003, effective July 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 9; amended January 18, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 682. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (400572). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

Rule 400.1. Provisions for All Courts of the First Judicial District.
 (a)  In an action commenced in the First Judicial District, original process may be served

   (1)  within the county by the sheriff or a competent adult, or

   (2)  in any other county by deputized service as provided by Rule 400(d) or by a competent adult forwarding the process to the sheriff of the county where service may be made.

   Official Note

   See Rule 76 for the definition of ‘‘competent adult.’’

   The First Judicial District is comprised of Philadelphia.

 (b)  In an action commenced in any other county, original process may be served in Philadelphia County by deputized service as provided by Rule 400(d) or by a competent adult.

   Official Note

   See Rule 76 for the definition of ‘‘competent adult.’’

 (c)  Rescinded.

   Official Note

   For service in an action for protection from abuse, see Rule 1930.4(b).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 400.1 adopted May 11, 1990, effective immediately, 20 Pa.B. 2737; amended July 2, 1998, effective August 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 3373; amended May 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2767; amended June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (256951). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

Rule 401. Time for Service. Reissuance, Reinstatement, and Substitution of Original Process.
 (a)  Original process shall be served within the Commonwealth within 30 days after the issuance of the writ or the filing of the complaint.

   Note

   See Rule 404 for the time for service outside the Commonwealth.

 (b)(1)  If service within the Commonwealth is not made within the time prescribed by subdivision (a) of this rule or outside the Commonwealth within the time prescribed by Rule 404, the prothonotary upon praecipe and upon presentation of the original process, or a copy thereof, shall continue its validity by designating the writ as reissued or the complaint as reinstated.

   (2)  A writ may be reissued or a complaint reinstated at any time and any number of times. A new party defendant may be named in a reissued writ or a reinstated complaint only if the writ or complaint has not been served on any defendant.

   Note

   A new party defendant cannot be added to a reissued writ or reinstated complaint if service has been completed on a defendant already named in the writ or complaint. For cases involving multiple defendants, a new party defendant cannot be added to a reissued writ or reinstated complaint if service has been completed on any defendant already named in the writ or complaint.

   If a new party defendant cannot be added pursuant to this rule, other procedures are available. See Rule 229 to discontinue the action and to start a new action; Rule 1033 to amend the caption of a pleading by agreement of the party or by leave of court; and Rule 2232 to seek leave of court for an order joining a defendant.

   (3)  A substituted writ may be issued or a substituted complaint filed upon praecipe stating that the former writ or complaint has been lost or destroyed.

   (4)  A reissued, reinstated, or substituted writ or complaint shall be served within the applicable time prescribed by subdivision (a) of this rule or by Rule 404 after reissuance, reinstatement, or substitution.

   (5)  If an action is commenced by writ of summons and a complaint is thereafter filed, the plaintiff, instead of reissuing the writ, may treat the complaint as alternative original process and as the equivalent for all purposes of a reissued writ, reissued as of the date of the filing of the complaint. Thereafter the writ may be reissued, or the complaint may be reinstated as the equivalent of a reissuance of the writ, and the plaintiff may use either the reissued writ or the reinstated complaint as alternative original process.

   Note

   If the applicable time has passed after the issuance of the writ or the filing of the complaint, the writ must be reissued or the complaint reinstated to be effective as process. Filing or reinstatement or substitution of a complaint, which is used as alternative process under this subdivision, has been held effective in tolling the statute of limitations as the reissuance or substitution of a writ.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 401 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended December 18, 2019, effective April 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 199; amended December 16, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 10. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (400573) to (400574).

Rule 402. Manner of Service. Acceptance of Service.
 (a)  Original process may be served

   (1)  by handing a copy to the defendant; or

   (2)  by handing a copy

     (i)   at the residence of the defendant to an adult member of the family with whom he resides; but if no adult member of the family is found, then to an adult person in charge of such residence; or

     (ii)   at the residence of the defendant to the clerk or manager of the hotel, inn, apartment house, boarding house or other place of lodging at which he resides; or

     (iii)   at any office or usual place of business of the defendant to his agent or to the person for the time being in charge thereof.

 (b)  In lieu of service under this rule, the defendant or his authorized agent may accept service of original process by filing a separate document which shall be substantially in the following form:

   (Caption)
Acceptance of Service

 I accept service of the 

 on behalf of
 and certify that I am authorized to do so).
   

    (Date)    (Defendant, or Authorized Agent)

   

  (Mailing Address)
   Official Note

   The plaintiff should insert in the first blank the name of the document being accepted, i.e., writ of summons or complaint.

   When accepting service in person, the defendant would delete the part of the sentence in parentheses.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 402 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (256952) to (256953). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

Rule 403. Service by Mail.
 If a rule of civil procedure authorizes original process to be served by mail, a copy of the process shall be mailed to the defendant by any form of mail requiring a receipt signed by the defendant or his authorized agent. Service is complete upon delivery of the mail.

   (1)  If the mail is returned with notation by the postal authorities that the defendant refused to accept the mail, the plaintiff shall have the right of service by mailing a copy to the defendant at the same address by ordinary mail with the return address of the sender appearing thereon. Service by ordinary mail is complete if the mail is not returned to the sender within fifteen days after mailing.

   (2)  If the mail is returned with notation by the postal authorities that it was unclaimed, the plaintiff shall make service by another means pursuant to these rules.

   Official Note

   The United States Postal Service provides for restricted delivery mail, which can only be delivered to the addressee or his authorized agent. Rule 403 has been drafted to accommodate the Postal Service procedures with respect to restricted delivery.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 403 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (256955). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

Rule 404. Service Outside the Commonwealth.
 Original process shall be served outside the Commonwealth within ninety days of the issuance of the writ or the filing of the complaint or the reissuance or the reinstatement thereof:

   Official Note

   For reissuance and reinstatement of original process, see Rule 401(b).

   (1)  by a competent adult in the manner provided by Rule 402(a);

   Official Note

   See Rule 76 for the definition of ‘‘competent adult.’’

   (2)  by mail in the manner provided by Rule 403;

   (3)  in the manner provided by the law of the jurisdiction in which the service is made for service in an action in any of its courts of general jurisdiction;

   (4)  in the manner provided by treaty; or

   Official Note

   A treaty may provide that to effect service a plaintiff must satisfy requirements which are in addition to the procedures specified by this rule.

   (5)  as directed by the foreign authority in response to a letter rogatory or request.

   Official Note

   Sections 5323 and 5329(2) of the Judicial Code, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  5323, 5329(2), provide additional alternative procedures for service outside the Commonwealth.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 404 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended May 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2767. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (245988) and (202617).

Rule 405. Return of Service.
 (a)  When service of original process has been made the sheriff or other person making service shall make a return of service forthwith. If service has not been made and the writ has not been reissued or the complaint reinstated, a return of no service shall be made upon the expiration of the period allowed for service.

   Official Note

   See Lamp v. Heyman, 469 Pa. 465, 366 A.2d 882 (1976), with respect to original process as a means of tolling the statute of limitations, wherein the Court stated that original process ‘‘shall remain effective to commence an action only if the plaintiff then refrains from a course of conduct which serves to stall in its tracks the legal machinery he has just set in motion.’’

 (b)  A return of service shall set forth the date, time, place and manner of service, the identity of the person served and any other facts necessary for the court to determine whether proper service has been made.

 (c)  Proof of service by mail under Rule 403 shall include a return receipt signed by the defendant or, if the defendant has refused to accept mail service and the plaintiff thereafter has served the defendant by ordinary mail,

   (1)  the returned letter with the notation that the defendant refused to accept delivery, and

   (2)  an affidavit that the letter was mailed by ordinary mail and was not returned within fifteen days after mailing.

 (d)  A return of service by a person other than the sheriff shall be by affidavit. If a person other than the sheriff makes a return of no service, the affidavit shall set forth with particularity the efforts made to effect service.

 (e)  The return of service or of no service shall be filed with the prothonotary.

 (f)  A return of service shall not be required when the defendant accepts service of original process.

 (g)  The sheriff upon filing a return of service or of no service shall notify by ordinary mail the party requesting service to be made that service has or has not been named upon a named party.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 405 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended July 7, 1986, effective January 1, 1987, 16 Pa.B. 2716; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5333; amended June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (256956). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

SERVICE IN PARTICULAR ACTIONS

Rule 410. Real Property Actions.
 (a)  In actions involving title to, interest in, possession of, or charges or liens upon real property, original process shall be served upon the defendant in the manner provided by Rule 400 et seq.

 (b)(1)  If in an action involving an interest in real property the relief sought is possession or mortgage foreclosure, original process also shall be served upon any person not named as a party who is found in possession of the property. The sheriff shall note the service in the return.

   (2)  If the relief sought is possession, the person so served shall thereupon become a defendant in the action. Upon praecipe of the plaintiff the prothonotary shall index the name of the person found in possession as a party to the action.

   (3)  If the relief sought is mortgage foreclosure, the person so served shall not thereby become a party to the action.

 (c)  If service is made pursuant to an order of court under Rule 430(a), the court shall direct one or more of the following methods of service:

   (1)  publication as provided by Rule 430(b),

   Official Note

   See Rule 1064 for additional requirements for service of original process by publication for actions to quiet title involving subsurface mineral, oil, or natural gas rights.

   (2)  posting a copy of the original process on the most public part of the property,

   (3)  registered mail to the defendant’s last known address, and

   (4)  such other methods, if any, as the court deems appropriate to give notice to the defendant.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 410 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191; amended November 29, 2016, effective January 1, 2017, 46 Pa.B. 7933; amended December 30, 2016, effective January 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 178. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (385495). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

Rule 411. Actions for Support.
 When original process in an action for support is served within the Commonwealth by an official of the domestic relations section, that official shall send the defendant

   (1)  A copy of the complaint and order by ordinary mail. A defendant who attends the hearing in person shall be deemed to have been served; or

   (2)  two copies of the complaint and order, one by any form of mail requiring a receipt signed by the defendant, and one by ordinary mail. Service by mail is complete upon the return of the receipt personally signed by the defendant or other evidence of service satisfactory to the court. A defendant who attends the hearing in person shall be deemed to have been served.

   Official Note

   For general provisions governing service in an action for support, see Rules 400(b)(2), 402 and 404.

   The rules governing service in support actions are only applicable when the venue provisions of Support Rule 1910.2 have been met. Otherwise, the action must proceed under the inter-county provisions of Sections 6712 and 6773 of the Judicial Code, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6712 and 6773, or the interstate provision of Section 6754 of the Judicial Code, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6754.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 411 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; rescinded June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (256957). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

Rule 412. Actions for Custody, Partial Custody and Visitation. Actions for Divorce or Annulment of Marriage.
 In addition to the manner of service prescribed by Rule 402(a) ini an action for custody, partial custody or visitation or in an action for divorce or annulment of marriage, original process may be served within the Commonwealth in the manner prescribed by Rule 403 governing service by mail.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 412 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; rescinded June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (256957) to (256958). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

SERVICE UPON PARTICULAR PARTIES

Rule 420. Minors.
 When the defendant is a minor, original process shall be served

   (1)  upon the minor in the manner prescribed for the service of original process upon an adult defendant, or

   (2)  by handing a copy to the minor’s guardian.

   Official Note

   Rule 76 defines ‘‘minor’’ and Rule 2026 defines ‘‘guardian.’’ The plaintiff cannot obtain a valid judgment against the minor until a guardian has been appointed; and a judgment obtained without the appointment of a guardian may be vacated and a guardian appointed forthwith, in accordance with Rule 2034. In all instances, the court in appointing a guardian for a minor may require that the guardian be served with copies of the pleadings already served upon the minor or others and may also grant such continuance as is necessary to prepare and present the case of the minor. The court may also make orders extending the time for filing pleadings on behalf of the minor.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 420 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; rescinded June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191. (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).) Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (256958).

Rule 421. Incapacitated Persons.
 If the defendant is an incapacitated person, original process shall be served

   (1)  upon the incapacitated person in the manner prescribed for service of original process upon a competent defendant, or

   (2)  by handing a copy to the incapacitated person’s guardian.

   Official Note

   Rule 2051 defines ‘‘incapacitated person.’’ Rule 2053 provides for the representation of an incapacitated person who is a defendant by a guardian or a guardian ad litem.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 421 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended June 3, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 3019; rescinded June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (256958). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

Rule 422. The Commonwealth and Political Subdivisions.
 (a)  Service of original process upon the Commonwealth or an officer of the Commonwealth, or a department, board, commission or instrumentality of the Commonwealth, or a member thereof, shall be made at the office of the defendant and the office of the attorney general by handing a copy to the person in charge thereof.

 (b)  Service of original process upon a political subdivision shall be made by handing a copy to

   (1)  an agent duly authorized by the political subdivision to receive service of process, or

   (2)  the person in charge at the office of the defendant, or

   (3)  the mayor, or the president, chairman, secretary or clerk of the tax levyinig body thereof, and in counties where there is no tax levying body, the chairman or clerk of the board of county commissioners.

   Official Note

   See Rule 76 for the definition of ‘‘political subdivision.’’

 (c)  This rule shall not apply to an appeal from an administrative determination, order or decree of such officer, department, board, commission or instrumentality.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 422 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; rescinded June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (256958). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

Rule 423. Partnerships and Unincorporated Associations.
 Service of original process upon a partnership and all partners named in the action or upon an unincorporated association shall be made upon any of the following persons provided the person served is not a plaintiff in the action:

   (1)  any partner, officer or registered agent of the partnership or association, or

   (2)  an agent authorized by the partnership or association in writing to receive service of process for it, or

   (3)  the manager, clerk or other person for the time being in charge of any regular place of business or activity of the partnership or association.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 423 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; rescinded June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (256958). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

Rule 424. Corporations and Similar Entities.
 Service of original process upon a corporation or similar entity shall be made by handing a copy to any of the following persons provided the person served is not a plaintiff in the action:

   (1)  an executive officer, partner or trustee of the corporation or similar entity, or

   (2)  the manager, clerk or other person for the time being in charge of any regular place of business or activity of the corporation or similar entity, or

   (3)  an agent authorized by the corporation or similar entity in writing to receive service of process for it.

   Official Note

   Substituted service pursuant to Rule 402(a)(2) upon a corporation or similar entity is not permitted by this rule.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 424 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; rescinded June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (256958) to (256959). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

Rule 425. Additional Defendants.
 (a)  Original process shall be served upon an additional defendant who is not already a party to the action in the same manner as if he or she were an original defendant. The joining party, upon request, shall furnish copies of all or specified pleadings filed in the action.

   Official Note

    See Rule 213(b) for the right of an additional defendant to move for a severance and Rule 1006(d) for the right to move for a change of venue.

 (b)  The defendant or additional defendant shall serve a copy of his or her complaint upon every prior party.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 425 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; rescinded June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191; amended March 23, 2007, effective June 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 1480. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (297565). (Editor’s Note: The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has suspended its order of June 14, 1999, published at 29 Pa.B. 3191 (June 26, 1999). See 29 Pa.B. 4859 (September 18, 1999).)

SERVICE PURSUANT TO SPECIAL ORDER OF COURT

Rule 430. Service Pursuant to Special Order of Court. Publication.
 (a)  If service cannot be made under the applicable rule the plaintiff may move the court for a special order directing the method of service. The motion shall be accompanied by an affidavit stating the nature and extent of the investigation which has been made to determine the whereabouts of the defendant and the reasons why service cannot be made.

   Official Note

   A sheriff’s return of ‘‘not found’’ or the fact that a defendant has moved without leaving a new forwarding address is insufficient evidence of concealment. Gonzales v. Polis, 357 A.2d 580 (Pa. Super. 1976). Notice of intended adoption mailed to last known address requires a ‘‘good faith effort’’ to discover the correct address. Adoption of Walker, 360 A.2d 603 (Pa. 1976).  An illustration of a good faith effort to locate the defendant includes (1) inquiries of postal authorities including inquiries pursuant to the Freedom of Information Act, 39 C.F.R. Part 265, (2) inquiries of relatives, neighbors, friends, and employers of the defendant, (3) examinations of local telephone directories, courthouse records, voter registration records, local tax records, and motor vehicle records, and (4) a reasonable internet search.

   See Rule 1064 for additional requirements for service of original process by publication for actions to quiet title involving subsurface mineral, oil, or natural gas rights.

 (b)(1)  If service of process by publication has been authorized by rule of civil procedure or order of court, the publication shall be by advertising a notice of the action once in the legal publication, if any, designated by the court for the publication of legal notices and in one newspaper of general circulation within the county. The publication shall contain the caption of the action and the names of the parties, state the nature of the action, and conclude with a notice substantially in the following form:

NOTICE

 

   If you wish to defend, you must enter a written appearance personally or by attorney and file your defenses or objections in writing with the court. You are warned that if you fail to do so the case may proceed without you and a judgment may be entered against you without further notice for the relief requested by the plaintiff. You may lose money or property or other rights important to you.

   YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS PAPER TO YOUR LAWYER AT ONCE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER.

   IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.

   

 (NAME)
 (ADDRESS)
 (TELEPHONE NUMBER)
   Official Note

   The office shall be that designated by the court under Rule 1018.1(c).

   (2)  When service is made by publication upon the heirs and assigns of a named former owner or party in interest, the court may permit publication against the heirs or assigns generally if it is set forth in the complaint or an affidavit that they are unknown.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 430 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended June 10, 2003, effective September 1, 2003, 33 Pa.B. 2974; amended November 29, 2016, effective January 1, 2017, 46 Pa.B. 7933; amended December 30, 2016, effective January 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 178. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (385499) to (385500).

SERVICE OF LEGAL PAPERS
OTHER THAN ORIGINAL PROCESS

Rule 440. Service of Legal Papers Other than Original Process.
 (a)  (1) Copies of all legal papers other than original process filed in an action or served upon any party to an action shall be served upon every other party to the action. Service shall be made

     (i)   by handling or mailing a copy to or leaving a copy for each party at the address of the party’s attorney of record endorsed on an appearance or prior pleading of the party, or at such other address as a party may agree, or

   Official Note

   Such other address as a party may agree might include a mailbox in the prothonotary’s office or an e-mail address. For electronic service by means other than facsimile transmission, see Rule 205.4(g).

     (ii)   by transmitting a copy by facsimile to the party’s attorney of record as provided by subdivision (d).

   (2)  (i) If there is no attorney of record, service shall be made by handing a copy to the party or by mailing a copy to or leaving a copy for the party at the address endorsed on an appearance or prior pleading or the residence or place of business of the party, or by transmitting a copy by facsimile as provided by subdivision (d).

     (ii)   If such service cannot be made, service shall be made by leaving a copy at or mailing a copy to the last known address of the party to be served.

   Official Note

   This rule applies to the service upon a party of all legal papers other than original process and includes, but is not limited to, all other pleadings as well as motions, petitions, answers thereto, rules, notices, interrogatories and answers thereto.

   Original process is served under Rule 400 et seq.

 (b)  Service by mail of legal papers other than original process is complete upon mailing.

 (c)  If service of legal papers other than original process is to be made by the sheriff, he shall notify by ordinary mail the party requesting service to be made that service has or has not been made upon a named party or person.

 (d)  (1) A copy may be served by facsimile transmission if the parties agree thereto or if a telephone number for facsimile transmission is included on an appearance or prior legal paper filed with the court.

   (2)  The copy served shall begin with a facsimile cover sheet containing

     (i)   the name, firm, address, telephone number, of both the party making service and the party served,

     (ii)   the facsimile telephone number of the party making service and the facsimile telephone number to which the copy was transmitted,

     (iii)   the title of the legal paper served and

     (iv)   the number of pages transmitted.

   (3)  Service is complete when transmission is confirmed as complete.

   Official Note

   See Rule 236(d) providing for the prothonotary to give notice of orders and judgments, and also other matters, by facsimile or other electronic means.

   See Rule 205.4 governing filling and service of legal papers by electronic means other than facsimile transmission.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 440 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5333; amended August 3, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 3928; amended June 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3189; amended November 28, 2000, effective January 1, 2001, 30 Pa.B. 6421; amended December 16, 2003, effective July 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 9. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (297566) to (271785).

Rule 441. Service on Minors or Incapacitated Persons.
 (a)  Service of legal papers other than original process upon a party who is a minor shall be made in the manner prescribed by Rule 440 upon the party’s attorney of record or, if none, the party’s guardian. If the party has no attorney of record or guardian, service may be made upon the minor.

 (b)  Service of legal papers other than original process upon a party who is an incapacitated person shall be made in the manner prescribed by Rule 440 upon the party’s guardian, guardian ad litem or attorney of record.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 441 adopted July 5, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended June 3, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 3019. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (146629) to (146630).

Rule 449. Acts of Assembly Not Suspended. Abolition of Practice and Procedure Under Repealed Statutes.
 (a)  Sections 5323 and 5329 of the Judicial Code, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  5323, 5329, relating to service of process on persons outside the Commonwealth, are not suspended or affected by these rules.

 (b)  The practice and procedure provided in all former acts of Assembly in actions where the defendant is a nonresident or has obstructed or prevented service of process by concealing his whereabouts or otherwise, which have been repealed by the Judiciary Act Repealer Act (JARA), Act of April 28, 1978, No. 53, are hereby abolished and shall not continue as part of the common law of the Commonwealth.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 449 adopted June 3, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 3010.



























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter1900/chap1900toc.html 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 1900. ACTIONS PURSUANT TO THE
PROTECTION FROM ABUSE ACT
Rule


1901.    Definitions.
1901.1.    Venue.
1901.2.    Scheduling.
1901.3.    Commencement of action.
1901.4.    Service and Registration of order.
1901.5.    Enforcement.
1901.6.    Responsive Pleading Not Required.
1901.7.    Decision. Post-trial Relief.
1901.8.    Modification or Discontinuance.
1905.    Forms for Use in PFA Actions. Notice and Hearing. Petition. Temporary Protection Order. Final Protection Order.
Rule 1901. Definitions.
 As used in this chapter:

   Act—The Protection from Abuse Act No. 206 approved December 19, 1990, 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6101 et seq.

   Action—A proceeding for protection from abuses defined in §  6102 of the Act.

   Court—The court of common pleas.

   Emergency Order—An order entered by a hearing officer, who is a person meeting the definition set forth at 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6102.

   Fees—means any costs associated with the filing, issuance, registration, service or appeal of a Protection From Abuse matter, including any foreign protection order.

   Temporary Order—An ex parte order entered by the court pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6107.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1901 adopted March 9, 1977, effective April 10, 1977, 7 Pa.B. 839; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended March 9, 1998, effective July 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 1391; amended May 2, 2006, effective May 9, 2006, 36 Pa.B. 2369; amended October 19, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 6764. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390067) to (390068).

Rule 1901.1. Venue.
 (a)  Except as provided in subdivision (b), an action for protection from abuse may be brought in a county in which

   (1)  the plaintiff resides, either temporarily or permanently, or is employed, or

   (2)  the defendant may be served, or

   (3)  the abuse occurred.

 (b)  If the relief sought includes possession of the residence or household to the exclusion of the defendant, the action shall be brought only in the county in which the residence or household is located.

 (c)  An action for indirect criminal contempt may be filed in, and heard by, the court in the county in which the order was issued or where the violation occurred.

Explanatory Comment—1991
   The statute and rules governing actions for protection from abuse formerly contained no provision for venue. Recommendation No. 84 of the Civil Procedural Rules Committee proposed a new rule to fill that void and the rule has been adopted as Rule 1901.1.

   Subdivision (a) provides for venue in the following counties: (1) the county in which the abuse occurred, (2) the county in which the defendant may be served, (3) the county in which the plaintiff resides, either permanently or temporarily, and (4) the county in which the plaintiff is employed. These are the counties with which the plaintiff has the most significant contacts and the greatest interest in remaining free from abuse. The county of temporary residence is included because an abused person may have to flee the county of permanent residence to escape further abuse.

   The rule imposes limited venue when the relief sought includes the sole possession of the residence or household. In that instance, the action must be brought in the county in which the residence or household is located.

Explanatory Comment—2006
   The 2005 amendments to the Protection From Abuse Act grant jurisdiction over indirect criminal contempt complaints in either the county in which the order was issued or the county where the violation occurred. This rule allows for flexible and immediate enforcement of protection from abuse orders. With this amendment, indirect criminal contempt jurisdiction is parallel to prosecution for stalking and harassment. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6114 (a.1).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1901.1 adopted January 25, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 614; amended May 2, 2006, effective May 9, 2006, 36 Pa.B. 2369. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (242777).

Rule 1901.2. Scheduling.
 Each judicial district shall establish times when the court will hear temporary Protection From Abuse matters.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1901.2 adopted March 9, 1998, effective July 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 1391.

Rule 1901.3. Commencement of Action.
 (a)  Except as provided in subdivision (b), a plaintiff shall commence an action by presenting to the court or filing with the prothonotary a petition setting forth the alleged abuse by the defendant. The petition shall be substantially in the form set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1905(b) and shall have as its first page the Notice of Hearing and Order set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1905(a).

 (b)  An action may be commenced by filing with the prothonotary a certified copy of an emergency order entered pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  6110, including orders issued by a hearing officer.

 (c)  Any fees associated with this action shall not be charged to the plaintiff.

 (d)  The hearing officer shall follow the procedures set forth in the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure Governing Actions and Proceedings Before Magisterial District Judges for emergency relief under the Protection From Abuse Act.

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). This rule may require attorneys or unrepresented parties to file confidential documents and documents containing confidential information that are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1901.3 adopted March 9, 1977, effective April 10, 1977, 7 Pa.B. 839; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended March 9, 1998, effective July 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 1391; amended May 2, 2006, effective May 9, 2006, 36 Pa.B. 2369; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520; amended October 19, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 6764. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392601).

Rule 1901.4. Service and Registration of Order.
 (a)  Service of the petition and temporary order shall be in accordance with Rule 1930.4.

 (b)  An Affidavit of Service substantially in the form set forth in Rule 1905(d) shall be filed with the prothonotary.

 (c)  Upon the filing of a protection order with the prothonotary, the prothonotary shall transmit a copy of the order to the State Police PFA Registry in the manner prescribed by the Pennsylvania State Police.

   Official Note

   This provision also applies to an order denying a plaintiff’s request for a final protection order.

 (d)  No fee shall be charged to the plaintiff or petitioner for service of any protection from abuse order or pleading or for the registration, filing or service of any foreign protection order.

Explanatory Comment—1997
   Subdivision (c) reflects the prothonotary’s role in ensuring that all protection orders reach the new statewide PFA Registry. Pursuant to the 1994 amendments to the Protection From Abuse Act, the Pennsylvania State Police Department is mandated to establish this registry for all protection orders issued or registered in the Commonwealth. Once it becomes fully operational, it will be available at all times to inform law enforcement officers, dispatchers and courts of the existence and terms of protection orders. The Registry represents a major improvement in the manner in which protection orders are registered and verified by not only eliminating the need to register the order in every county where the victim believes enforcement is necessary, but also enabling the police to immediately verify the order for purposes of enforcement. In order to ensure that the information in the Registry remains current, subdivision (c) requires the prothonotary to transmit all protection orders issued or registered in the Commonwealth, including temporary, final, modified and consent orders as well as any orders withdrawing, extending or denying the plaintiff’s request for a protection order.

Explanatory Comment—2006
   New subdivision (d) reflects the prohibition against charging fees to the plaintiff, even those related to foreign protection orders, as set forth in the 2005 amendments to the Protection From Abuse Act. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6106(b) and (g.1).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1901.4 adopted March 9, 1977, effective April 10, 1977, 7 Pa.B. 839; amended June 20, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended October 2, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4518; amended March 9, 1998, effective July 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 1391; amended May 2, 2006, effective May 9, 2006, 36 Pa.B. 2369. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (242778) and (311799).

Rule 1901.5. Enforcement.
 (a)  When an arrest is made for violation of an order, a complaint for indirect criminal contempt shall be completed and signed by either a police officer, the sheriff or the plaintiff. When the complaint is filed by a police officer or sheriff, neither the plaintiff’s presence nor signature is required.

 (b)  If an arrest is not effected, a complaint for indirect criminal contempt may be completed and signed by the plaintiff pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6113.1.

Explanatory Comment—2006
   The 2005 amendments to the Protection From Abuse Act authorize the sheriff to arrest the defendant for violations of a protection from abuse order. In addition, the sheriff is authorized to exercise a search and seizure of any firearm, other weapon and ammunition subsequent to arrest. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6113(a) and (b).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1901.5 adopted March 9, 1998, effective July 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 1391; amended May 2, 2006, effective May 9, 2006, 36 Pa.B. 2369. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (311799).

Rule 1901.6. Responsive Pleading Not Required.
 The defendant is not required to file an answer or other responsive pleading to the petition or the certified order, and all averments not admitted shall be deemed denied.

   Official Note

   For procedures as to the time and manner of hearings and issuance of orders, see 23 Pa.C.S. §  6107. For provisions as to the scope of relief available, see 23 Pa.C.S. §  6108. For provisions as to contempt for violation of an order, see 23 Pa.C.S. §  6114.

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). This rule may require attorneys or unrepresented parties to file confidential documents and documents containing confidential information that are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1901.6 adopted March 9, 1977, effective April 10, 1977, 7 Pa.B. 839; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended March 9, 1998, effective July 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 1391; amended May 2, 2006, effective May 9, 2006, 36 Pa.B. 2369; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390070) to (390071).

Rule 1901.7. Decision. Post-trial Relief.
 (a)  The decision of the court may consist of only general findings of abuse but shall dispose of all claims for relief. The court’s final order shall be rendered substantially in the form set forth in Rule 1905(e).

 (b)  No motion for post-trial relief may be filed to the final order.

   Official Note

   The procedure relating to Motions for Reconsideration is set forth in Rule 1930.2.

 (c)  If a final protection from abuse order directs the defendant to pay support to the plaintiff for the benefit of the plaintiff and/or a child, the plaintiff must file a complaint for support with the domestic relations section within two weeks of the date of the order or the support provisions of the order shall lapse automatically. If the plaintiff timely files with the domestic relations section, the support provisions of the final protection from abuse order shall remain in effect until a support order is entered.

 (d)  The custody provisions of a Protection From Abuse order are temporary. Either party may initiate custody proceedings pursuant to the custody statute at 23 Pa.C.S. §  5321 et seq. Any valid custody order entered after the final Protection From Abuse order supersedes the custody provisions in paragraph 5 of the Protection From Abuse order.

Explanatory Comment—1977
   New Rules 1901, et seq. promulgated March 9, 1977 and effective 15 days after publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin implement the Protection From Abuse Act No. 218 of 1976 which became effective December 6, 1976.

   The Act introduces a new civil remedy authorizing protective orders to bring about cessation of abuse of the plaintiff or minor children, which relief includes, inter alia, exclusion of the errant spouse from the household, the award of temporary custody and visitation rights with regard to minor children and support.

   The Act also authorizes temporary ex parte orders when the exigency of the situation requires immediate relief before process can be served on a defendant.

   Jurisdiction is also conferred on the magisterial district judges over the weekend if and when a judge of the court of common pleas is not available, but any temporary order of a magisterial district judge expires at the resumption of business of the common pleas court at the beginning of the week or within seventy-two (72) hours, whichever occurs first. The magisterial district judge is required immediately to certify his or her order to the common pleas court and the certification under the Act has the effect of commencing a proceeding in the common pleas court and invoking the other provisions of the Act.

   Section 9 of the Act provides that all proceedings shall be in accordance with Rules of Civil Procedure and shall be in addition to any other available civil or criminal remedies.

Explanatory Comment—2005
   Act 207-2004 amended numerous titles of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes changing the title of ‘‘district justice’’ to ‘‘magisterial district judge.’’ The amendments to Rule 1901.7’s Explanatory Comment—1977 reflect the change in title, make the comment gender-neutral and delete outdated material.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1901.7 adopted March 9, 1977, effective April 10, 1977, 7 Pa.B. 839; amended October 19, 1983, effective January 1, 1984, 13 Pa.B. 3629; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1941; amended March 9, 1998, effective July 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 1391; amended May 9, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 2994; amended May 2, 2006, effective May 9, 2006, 36 Pa.B. 2369; amended February 10, 2015, effective in 30 days on March 12, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 1250. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (368049).

Rule 1901.8. Modification or Discontinuance.
 (a)  In cases in which a temporary protection order has not yet been granted or has been denied, a plaintiff in a protection from abuse action who wishes to discontinue the action may file a praecipe to discontinue, pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. 229, prior to the final order hearing. The party may also request the discontinuance by oral motion at a hearing.

 (b)  In cases in which a temporary protection order has been granted, a plaintiff in a protection from abuse action who wishes to vacate the temporary order and discontinue the action shall either file a petition with the court prior to the final order hearing or make the request by oral motion at the final order hearing.

 (c)  If either party seeks a modification after a final judgment has been entered in a protection from abuse action, the party shall petition the court to modify the final order. The court shall enter an order granting or denying the petition following an appearance by the petitioner before the court.

Explanatory Comment—2013
   Jurisdictions across the commonwealth have adopted varying procedures and processes for the withdrawal, discontinuance and modification of protection from abuse actions. This rule provides a uniform process that comports with the requirements of 23 Pa.C.S. § §  6107(b)(2) (related to hearings), 6117 (related to procedure and other remedies) and Commonwealth v. Charnik, 921 A.2d 1214 (Pa. Super. 2007). These requirements, when read together, require a different procedure for withdrawal, discontinuance and modification at various stages in a protection from abuse proceeding.

   After a final protection order is entered, and no motion to reconsider or appeal is filed, the court no longer retains jurisdiction to vacate that order. Charnik, 921 A.2d at 1217. The court does, however, have jurisdiction to modify a protection from abuse order at any time after the filing of a petition for modification, service of the petition and a hearing on the petition. 23 Pa.C.S. §  6117. Thus, a party may request that the court modify the order to expire at an earlier date if the party does not want the order to remain in effect.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1901.8 adopted June 25, 2013, effective in 30 days on July 25, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 3932.

Rule 1905. Forms for Use in PFA Actions. Notice and Hearing. Petition. Temporary Protection Order. Final Protection Order.
 (a)  The Notice of Hearing and Order required by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1901.3 shall be substantially in the following form:

   (Caption)
NOTICE OF HEARING AND ORDER

 YOU HAVE BEEN SUED IN COURT. If you wish to defend against the claims set forth in the following papers, you must appear at the hearing scheduled herein. If you fail to do so, the case may proceed against you and a FINAL order may be entered against you granting the relief requested in the petition. In particular, you may be evicted from your residence, prohibited from possessing any firearm, other weapon, ammunition, or any firearm license, and lose other important rights, including custody of your children. A protection order granted by a court may be considered in subsequent proceedings under Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, including child custody proceedings under Chapter 53 (relating to custody) and Child Protective Services Law proceedings under Chapter 63 (related to juvenile matters).

 A hearing on the matter is scheduled for the

day of
, 20
, at
.m., in Courtroom
at
Courthouse,
Pennsylvania.
 If an order of protection has been entered, you MUST obey the order until it is modified or terminated by the court after notice and hearing. If you disobey this order, the police or sheriff may arrest you. Violation of this order may subject you to a charge of indirect criminal contempt under 23 Pa.C.S. §  6114. Violation may also subject you to prosecution and criminal penalties under the Pennsylvania Crimes Code. Under federal law, 18. U.S.C. §  2265, this order is enforceable anywhere in the United States, tribal lands, U.S. Territories, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. If you travel outside of the state and intentionally violate this order, you may be subject to federal criminal proceedings under the Violence Against Women Act, 18 U.S.C. § §  2261-2262.

 If this order directs you to relinquish any firearm, other weapon, ammunition, or any firearm license to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency, you may do so upon service of this order. As an alternative, you may relinquish any firearm, other weapon, or ammunition listed herein to a third party provided you and the third party first comply with all requirements to obtain a safekeeping permit. 23 Pa.C.S. §  6108.3. You must relinquish any firearm, other weapon, ammunition, or any firearm license listed in the order no later than 24 hours after service of the order. If, due to their current location, firearms, other weapons, or ammunition cannot reasonably be retrieved within the time for relinquishment, you must provide an affidavit to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency listing the firearms, other weapons, or ammunition and their current location no later than 24 hours after service of the order. Failure to timely relinquish any firearm, other weapon, ammunition, or any firearm license shall result in a violation of this order and may result in criminal conviction under the Uniform Firearms Act, 18 Pa.C.S. §  6105.

 NOTICE: Even if this order does not direct you to relinquish firearms, you may be subject to federal firearms prohibitions and federal criminal penalties under 18 U.S.C. §  922(g)(8) or state firearms prohibitions and state criminal penalties under 18 Pa.C.S. §  6105.

 YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO HAVE A LAWYER REPRESENT YOU AT THE HEARING, HOWEVER, THE COURT WILL NOT APPOINT A LAWYER FOR YOU. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO PRESENT EVIDENCE AT THE HEARING, INCLUDING SUBPOENAING WITNESSES TO TESTIFY ON YOUR BEHALF.

 YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS PAPER TO YOUR LAWYER AT ONCE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER. IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE. IF YOU CANNOT FIND A LAWYER, YOU MAY HAVE TO PROCEED WITHOUT ONE.

   County Lawyer Referral Service
[ Insert Street Address ]
[ Insert City, State, Zip Code ]
[ Insert Phone ]

 (b)  The petition in an action filed pursuant to the Act shall be substantially in the following form, but the first page (paragraphs 1 through 4), following the Notice of Hearing and Order, shall be exactly as set forth in this rule:

   

PETITION FOR PROTECTION FROM ABUSE

 5. Indicate the relationship between Plaintiff and Defendant:

 CHECK ALL THAT APPLY:

  spouse or former spouse of Defendant

  parent of a child with Defendant

  current or former sexual or intimate partner with Defendant

  child of Plaintiff

  child of Defendant

  family member related by blood (consanguinity) to Defendant

  family member related by marriage or affinity to Defendant

  sibling (person who shares parenthood) of Defendant

  Check here if Defendant is 17 years old or younger.

 6. Have Plaintiff and Defendant been involved in any of the following court actions?  Divorce   Custody   Support   Protection from Abuse

 If you checked any of the above, briefly indicate when and where the case was filed and the court number, if known:

   

   

 7. Has Defendant been involved in any criminal court action?

 If you answered Yes, is Defendant currently on probation?

 Has Defendant been determined to be a perpetrator in a founded or indicated report under the Child Protective Services Law, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  6301— 6386?

 If you answered Yes, what county’s court or child protective services agency issued the founded or indicated report?

 8. Plaintiff and Defendant are the parents of the following minor child/ren:


Name(s)	Age(s)	who reside at (list address unless confidential)
 9. If Plaintiff and Defendant are parents of any minor child/ren together, is there an existing court order regarding their custody?

 If you answered ‘‘Yes,’’ describe the terms of the order (e.g., primary, shared, legal or physical custody):

   

 If you answered ‘‘yes’’, in what county and state was the order issued?

   

 If you are now seeking an order of child custody as part of this petition, list the following information:

 (a)  Where has each child resided during the past five years?


Child’s name	Person(s) child lived with	Address, unless confidential	When
 (b)  List any other persons who are known to have or claim a right to custody of each child listed above.


Name	Address	Basis of Claim
 10. The following other minor child/ren presently live with Plaintiff:


Name(s)	Age(s)	Plaintiff’s relationship to child/ren
 11. The facts of the most recent incident of abuse are as follows:

   Approximate Date:

Approximate Time:
Place:
 Describe in detail what happened, including any physical or sexual abuse, threats, injury, incidents of stalking, medical treatment sought, or calls to law enforcement. (attach additional sheets of paper if necessary):

   

   

   

 12. If Defendant has committed prior acts of abuse against Plaintiff or the minor child/ren, describe these prior incidents, including any threats, injuries, or incidents of stalking, and indicate approximately when such acts of abuse occurred (attach additional sheets of paper if necessary):

   

   

   

 13.(a) Has Defendant used or threatened to use any firearms or other weapons against Plaintiff or the minor child/ren? If so, please describe the use or threatened use below and list on Attachment A to Petition, which is incorporated by reference into this petition, any firearms, other weapons, or ammunition Defendant used or threatened to use against Plaintiff or the minor child/ren:

   

   

 (b)  Other than the firearms, other weapons, or ammunition Defendant used or threatened to use against Plaintiff or the minor child/ren, does Defendant, to the best of your knowledge or belief, own or possess any additional firearm, other weapon, ammunition, or any firearm license?

 (c)  If the answer to (b) above is ‘‘yes,’’ list any additional firearm, other weapon, or ammunition owned by or in the possession of Defendant on Attachment A to Petition, which is incorporated by reference into this petition.

 (d)  Plaintiff (check one)  DOES  DOES NOT request that the court order Defendant to relinquish firearms, other weapons, or ammunition listed on Attachment A to Petition. If Plaintiff does seek relinquishment, identify on Attachment A to Petition the firearms, other weapons, or ammunition Plaintiff requests the court to order Defendant to relinquish.

 14. Identify the sheriff, police department, or law enforcement agency in the area in which Plaintiff lives that should be provided with a copy of the protection order:

   

 15. There is an immediate and present danger of further abuse from Defendant.

 CHECK THE FOLLOWING BOXES ONLY IF THEY APPLY TO YOUR CASE AND PROVIDE THE REQUESTED INFORMATION

  Plaintiff is asking the court to evict and exclude Defendant from the following residence:

  owned by (list owners, if known):

  rented by (list all names, if known):

  Defendant owes a duty of support to Plaintiff or the minor child/ren:

  Plaintiff has suffered out-of-pocket financial losses as a result of the abuse described above. Those losses are :

   

 FOR THE REASONS SET FORTH ABOVE, I REQUEST THAT THE COURT ENTER A TEMPORARY ORDER, AND AFTER HEARING, A FINAL ORDER THAT WOULD DO THE FOLLOWING (CHECK ALL FORMS OF RELIEF REQUESTED):

  A. Restrain Defendant from abusing, harassing, stalking, threatening, or attempting or threatening to use physical force against Plaintiff or the minor child/ren in any place where Plaintiff or the child/ren may be found.

  B. Evict/exclude Defendant from Plaintiff’s residence and prohibit Defendant from attempting to enter any temporary or permanent residence of Plaintiff.

  C. Require Defendant to provide Plaintiff or the minor child/ren with other suitable housing.

  D. Award Plaintiff temporary custody of the minor child/ren and place the following restrictions on contact between Defendant and the child/ren:

   

  E. Prohibit Defendant from having any contact with Plaintiff or the minor child/ren, in person, by telephone, or in writing, personally or through third persons, including but not limited to any contact at Plaintiff’s school, business, or place of employment, except as the court may find necessary with respect to partial custody with the minor child/ren.

  F. Prohibit Defendant from having any contact with Plaintiff’s relatives and Plaintiff’s children listed in this petition, except as the court may find necessary with respect to partial custody with the minor child/ren. The following persons are Plaintiff’s relatives or family and household members that Plaintiff believes require protection from stalking and harassment by Defendant.

 Name     Address (optional)       Relationship to Plaintiff

   

   

   

  G. Order Defendant to temporarily relinquish the firearms, other weapons, or ammunition listed on Attachment A to Petition, under Defendant’s control, or in Defendant’s possession, or any firearm license to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency.

  H. Prohibit Defendant from acquiring or possessing firearms for the duration of the order.

  I. Order Defendant to pay temporary support for Plaintiff or the minor child/ren, including medical support and  payment of the rent or mortgage on the residence.

  J. Direct Defendant to pay Plaintiff for the reasonable financial losses suffered as the result of the abuse, to be determined at the hearing.

  K. Order Defendant to pay the costs of this action, including filing and service fees.

  L. Order Defendant to pay Plaintiff’s reasonable attorney’s fees.

  M. Order the following additional relief, not listed above:

   

   

   

  N. Grant such other relief as Plaintiff requests or the court deems appropriate.

  O. Order the police, sheriff, or other law enforcement agency to serve Defendant with a copy of this petition, any order issued, and the order for hearing. Plaintiff will inform the designated authority of any addresses, other than Defendant’s residence, where Defendant can be served.

  P. Direct the Pennsylvania State Police, the municipal police, or the sheriff to accompany Plaintiff to his or her residence to retrieve personal belongings or accompany Plaintiff while the petition or order is served on Defendant, if Plaintiff has reason to believe his or her safety is at risk.


VERIFICATION
 I verify that I am the petitioner as designated in the present action and that the facts and statements contained in the above Petition are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that any false statements are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities

 

Signature              
 

Date                

(Caption)

ATTACHMENT A TO PETITION
FIREARMS, OTHER WEAPONS, OR
AMMUNITION INVENTORY
 I,

, Plaintiff in this Protection From Abuse Action, hereby
 (a)  state that Defendant used or threatened to use the following firearms, other weapons, or ammunition against Plaintiff or the minor child/ren (include addresses or locations, if known, such as ‘‘front seat of blue truck,’’ ‘‘gun cabinet,’’ ‘‘bedroom closet,’’ etc.):

   Firearm/Other Weapon/Ammunition            Location

 1.

 2.

 3.

 4.

 5.

 (b)  state that Defendant, to the best of my knowledge or belief, owns or possesses the following firearms, other weapons, or ammunition not set forth in (a) above (include addresses or locations if, known):

   Firearm/Other Weapon/Ammunition            Location

 1.

 2.

 3.

 4.

 5.

 (c)  request that the court order Defendant to relinquish the following firearms, other weapons, or ammunition (include addresses or locations, if known):

   Firearm/Other Weapon/Ammunition            Location

 1.

 2.

 3.

 4.

 5.

  All firearms, other weapons, or ammunition owned or possessed by Defendant. If more space is needed, more sheets may be attached to this document.

 Name

 Date

 Notice: This attachment will be withheld from public inspection in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  6108(a)(7)(v).

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). This rule may require attorneys or unrepresented parties to file confidential documents and documents containing confidential information that are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania.

 (c)  The Temporary Order of Court, or any continued, amended, or modified Temporary Order of Court, entered pursuant to the Act shall be substantially in the following form, but the first page shall be exactly as set forth in this rule:

   

TEMPORARY PROTECTION FROM ABUSE ORDER

 AND NOW, this

day of
, 20
, upon consideration of the attached Petition for Protection From Abuse, the court hereby enters the following Temporary Order:
  Plaintiff’s request for a Temporary Protection Order is denied.

  Plaintiff’s request for a Temporary Protection Order is granted.

  1. Defendant shall not abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or attempt or threaten to use physical force against any of the above persons in any place where they might be found.

  2. Defendant is evicted and excluded from the residence at [ NONCONFIDENTIAL ADDRESS FROM WHICH DEFENDANT IS EXCLUDED ] or any other permanent or temporary residence where Plaintiff or any other person protected under this order may live. Plaintiff is granted exclusive possession of the residence. Defendant shall have no right or privilege to enter or be present on the premises of Plaintiff or any other person protected under this order.

  3. Except for such contact with the minor child/ren as may be permitted under Paragraph 5 of this order, Defendant is prohibited from having ANY CONTACT with Plaintiff, or any other person protected under this order, either directly or indirectly, at any location, including but not limited to any contact at Plaintiff’s school, business, or place of employment. Defendant is specifically ordered to stay away from the following locations for the duration of this order:

   


  4. Except for such contact with the minor child/ren as may be permitted under Paragraph 5 of this order, Defendant shall not contact Plaintiff, or any other person protected under this order, by telephone or by any other means, including through third persons.

  5. CUSTODY.

  There is a current custody order as to the child/ren of the parties:

   

   

(county court)                 (docket number)
  THIS ORDER SHALL NOT SUPERSEDE THE CURRENT CUSTODY ORDER.

  THIS ORDER SUPERSEDES ANY PRIOR ORDER RELATING TO CHILD CUSTODY.

  Until the final hearing, all contact between Defendant and the child/ren shall be limited to the following:

   


   

  Pending the outcome of the final hearing in this matter, Plaintiff is awarded temporary custody of the following minor child/ren:

   


   


 The local law enforcement agency in the jurisdiction where the child/ren are located shall ensure that the child/ren are placed in the care and control of the Plaintiff in accordance with the terms of this order.

  6. FIREARMS, OTHER WEAPONS, OR AMMUNITION RESTRICTIONS.

 Check all that apply:

  Defendant is prohibited from possessing or acquiring any firearms for the duration of this order.

  Defendant shall relinquish to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency the following firearm licenses owned or possessed by Defendant:

   


  Defendant is directed to relinquish to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency any firearm, other weapon, or ammunition listed in Attachment A to Temporary Order, which is incorporated herein by reference, under Defendant’s control or in Defendant’s possession.

 Defendant may relinquish any firearms, other weapons, or ammunition to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency. As an alternative, Defendant may relinquish firearms, other weapons, or ammunition to a third party provided Defendant and the third party first comply with all the requirements to obtain a safekeeping permit. Defendant must relinquish any firearm, other weapon, ammunition, or firearm license ordered to be relinquished no later than 24 hours after service of this order. If, due to their current location, firearms, other weapons, or ammunition cannot reasonably be retrieved within the time for relinquishment, Defendant shall provide to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency an affidavit listing the firearms, other weapons, or ammunition and their current location no later than 24 hours after service of this order. Failure to timely relinquish any firearm, other weapon, ammunition, or any firearm license shall result in a violation of this order and may result in criminal conviction under the Uniform Firearms Act, 18 Pa.C.S. §  6105.

  7. The following additional relief is granted:

  Defendant is prohibited from stalking, as defined in 18 Pa.C.S. §  2709.1, or harassing, as defined in 18 Pa.C.S. §  2709, the following family and household members of Plaintiff:

   Name       Address (optional)      Relationship to Plaintiff

   


   


   

  Other relief:

   


   


  8. The Pennsylvania State Police, the municipal police, or the sheriff shall accompany Plaintiff to his or her residence to retrieve personal belongings or accompany Plaintiff while the petition or order is served on Defendant.

   9. A certified copy of this order shall be provided to the sheriff or police department where Plaintiff resides and any other agency specified hereafter: [ insert name of agency ]

   10. THIS ORDER SUPERSEDES ANY PRIOR PROTECTION FROM ABUSE ORDER OBTAINED BY THE SAME PLAINTIFF AGAINST THE SAME DEFENDANT.

  11. THIS ORDER APPLIES IMMEDIATELY TO DEFENDANT AND SHALL REMAIN IN EFFECT UNTIL [ insert expiration date ] OR UNTIL OTHERWISE MODIFIED OR TERMINATED BY THIS COURT AFTER NOTICE AND HEARING.

NOTICE TO DEFENDANT
 Defendant is hereby notified that failure to obey this order may result in arrest as set forth in 23 Pa.C.S. §  6113 and that violation of the order may result in a charge of indirect criminal contempt as set forth in 23 Pa.C.S. §  6114. Consent of Plaintiff to Defendant’s return to the residence shall not invalidate this order, which can only be changed or modified through the filing of appropriate court papers for that purpose. 23 Pa.C.S. §  6108(g). If Defendant is required to relinquish any firearms, other weapons, ammunition, or any firearm license, those items must be relinquished to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency within 24 hours of the service of this order. As an alternative, Defendant may relinquish any firearm, other weapon, or ammunition listed herein to a third party provided Defendant and the third party first comply with all requirements to obtain a safekeeping permit. If, due to their current location, firearms, other weapons, or ammunition cannot reasonably be retrieved within the time for relinquishment, Defendant shall provide an affidavit to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency listing the firearms, other weapons, or ammunition and their current location no later than 24 hours after the service of this order. Defendant is further notified that violation of this order may subject him/her to state charges and penalties under the Pennsylvania Crimes Code under 18 Pa.C.S. §  6105 and to federal criminal charges and penalties under 18 U.S.C. §  922(g)(8) and the Violence Against Women Act, 18 U.S.C. § §  2261-2262.

NOTICE TO SHERIFF, POLICE AND LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS
 This order shall be enforced by the police department or sheriff who has jurisdiction over Plaintiff’s residence OR any location where a violation of this order occurs OR where Defendant may be located. If Defendant violates Paragraphs 1 through 6 of this order, Defendant shall be arrested on the charge of indirect criminal contempt. An arrest for violation of this order may be made without warrant, based solely on probable cause, whether or not the violation is committed in the presence of a police officer or sheriff.

 Subsequent to an arrest, the law enforcement officer or sheriff shall seize all firearms, other weapons, or ammunition in Defendant’s possession which were used or threatened to be used during the violation of the protection order or during prior incidents of abuse and any other firearms in Defendant’s possession. Any firearm, other weapon, ammunition, or any firearm license must be delivered to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency, which sheriff or agency shall maintain possession of the firearms, other weapons, or ammunition until further order of this court, unless the weapon(s) are evidence of a crime, in which case, they shall remain with the law enforcement agency whose officer or sheriff made the arrest.

   BY THE COURT:

   

Judge
   

Date

(Caption)

ATTACHMENT A TO TEMPORARY ORDER
FIREARMS, OTHER WEAPONS, OR
AMMUNITION INVENTORY
 It is hereby ordered that Defendant relinquish the following firearms, other weapons, or ammunition to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency:

 Firearm/Other Weapon/Ammunition            Location

 1.

 2.

 3.

 4.

 5.

 6.

 7.

 8.

 9.

 10.

  All firearms, other weapons, or ammunition owned or possessed by Defendant.

   BY THE COURT:

   Judge

    Date

 Notice: This attachment will be withheld from public inspection in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  6108(a)(7)(v).

   (d) The form of the Affidavit of Service in a Protection From Abuse matter shall be substantially in the following form:

 (Caption)
AFFIDAVIT OF SERVICE

 I,

, the undersigned, hereby state that I served a copy of the Notice of Hearing and Order, Petition and Temporary Order in the above-captioned action upon Defendant by handing the papers to
at the following address:
on the
day of
, 20
, at approximately
o’clock
.m.
 I verify that the statements made in this Affidavit are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S.A. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

   (Signature)
(Title)
(Address)
(Date)

 THIS FORM MUST BE COMPLETED AND SIGNED BY THE PERSON WHO SERVES THE DEFENDANT WITH THE NOTICE OF HEARING AND ORDER, PETITION AND TEMPORARY ORDER. IT MUST BE FILED WITH THE PROTHONOTARY OR BROUGHT TO THE COURT ON THE HEARING DATE.

 (e)  The Final Order of Court, or any amended, modified, or extended Final Order of Court, entered pursuant to the Act shall be substantially in the following form, but the first page must be exactly as set forth in this rule:

   

FINAL PROTECTION FROM ABUSE ORDER

 CHECK ALL THAT APPLY:

 Plaintiff or Protected Person(s) is/are:

  spouse or former spouse of Defendant

  parent of a child with Defendant

  current or former sexual or intimate partner with Defendant

  child of Plaintiff

  child of Defendant

  family member related by blood (consanguinity) to Defendant

  family member related by marriage or affinity to Defendant

  sibling (person who shares parenthood) of Defendant

 Defendant was served in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.4 and provided notice of the time, date, and location of the hearing scheduled in this matter.

 AND NOW, this

day of
, 20
, the court having jurisdiction over the parties and the subject-matter, it is ORDERED, ADJUDGED, and DECREED as follows:
 This order is entered by (check one)  by agreement  by agreement without an admission  after a hearing and decision by the court  after a hearing at which Defendant was not present, despite proper service being made  by default. Without regard as to how the order was entered, this is a final order of court subject to full enforcement pursuant to the Protection From Abuse Act.

 Note: Space is provided to allow for 1) the court’s general findings of abuse; 2) inclusion of the terms under which the order was entered (e.g., that the order was entered with the consent of the parties, or that Defendant, though properly served, failed to appear for the hearing, or the reasons why the plaintiff’s request for a final PFA order was denied); or 3) information that may be helpful to law enforcement (e.g., whether a firearm or other weapon was involved in the incident of abuse or whether Defendant is believed to be armed and dangerous).

  Plaintiff’s request for a final protection order is denied.

 OR

  Plaintiff’s request for a final protection order is granted.

  1. Defendant shall not abuse, stalk, harass, threaten, or attempt or threaten to use physical force against Plaintiff or any other protected person in any place where they might be found.

  2. Defendant is completely evicted and excluded from the residence at (NONCONFIDENTIAL ADDRESS FROM WHICH DEFENDANT IS EXCLUDED) or any other residence where Plaintiff or any other person protected under this order may live. Exclusive possession of the residence is granted to Plaintiff. Defendant shall have no right or privilege to enter or be present on the premises of Plaintiff or any other person protected under this order.

  On [ insert date and time ], Defendant may enter the residence to retrieve his/her clothing and other personal effects, provided that Defendant is in the company of a law enforcement officer or sheriff when such retrieval is made and [ insert any other conditions ]

   


  3. Except as provided in Paragraph 5 of this order, Defendant is prohibited from having ANY CONTACT with Plaintiff, either directly or indirectly, or any other person protected under this order, at any location, including but not limited to any contact at Plaintiff’s school, business, or place of employment. Defendant is specifically ordered to stay away from the following locations for the duration of this order.

   


   


   


  4. Except as provided in Paragraph 5 of this order, Defendant shall not contact Plaintiff, either directly or indirectly, or any other person protected under this order, by telephone or by any other means, including through third persons.

  5. Temporary custody of the minor children, [ NAMES OF THE CHILDREN SUBJECT TO THE PROVISION OF THIS PARAGRAPH ] shall be as follows:

 Check all that apply:

  STATE TO WHOM PRIMARY PHYSICAL CUSTODY IS AWARDED, STATE TERMS OF PARTIAL CUSTODY, IF ANY.

   


   


   


  There is a current custody order as to the children of the parties:

   

    

(county court)               (docket number)
  A custody petition is pending.

  A hearing is scheduled for

   


(date, time and location)
  THIS ORDER SHALL NOT SUPERSEDE THE CURRENT CUSTODY ORDER.

  THIS ORDER SUPERSEDES ANY PRIOR ORDER RELATING TO CHILD CUSTODY.

 The custody provisions of Paragraph 5 of this order are temporary. Either party may initiate custody proceedings pursuant to the custody statute at 23 Pa.C.S. § §  5321—5340. Any valid custody order entered after the final Protection From Abuse order supersedes the custody provisions of this order.

  6. FIREARMS, OTHER WEAPONS, OR AMMUNITION RESTRICTIONS

 Check all that apply:

  Defendant is prohibited from possessing or acquiring any firearms for the duration of this order.

  Defendant shall relinquish to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency the following firearm licenses owned or possessed by Defendant:

   


   


  Defendant is directed to relinquish to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency any firearm, other weapon, or ammunition listed in Attachment A to Final Order, which is incorporated herein by reference.

 Defendant may relinquish any firearms, other weapons, or ammunition to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency. As an alternative, Defendant may either relinquish firearms, other weapons, or ammunition to a third party provided Defendant and the third party first comply with all the requirements to obtain a safekeeping permit, or relinquish firearms, other weapons, or ammunition to a licensed firearms dealer for consignment sale, lawful transfer, or safekeeping pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  6108.2(e). Defendant must relinquish any firearm, other weapon, ammunition, or firearm license ordered to be relinquished no later than 24 hours after service of this order. Failure to timely relinquish any firearm, other weapon, ammunition, or any firearm license ordered to be relinquished shall result in a violation of this order and may result in criminal conviction under the Uniform Firearms Act, 18 Pa.C.S. §  6105.

  7. Any firearm delivered to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency or transferred to a licensed firearm dealer or a qualified third party, who satisfies the procedural and substantive requirements to obtain a safekeeping permit issued under 23 Pa.C.S. §  6108.3 pursuant to this order or the temporary order, shall not be returned to Defendant until further order of court or as otherwise provided by law.

  8. The Pennsylvania State Police, the municipal police, or the sheriff shall accompany Plaintiff to his or her residence to retrieve personal belongings.

  9. The following additional relief is granted as authorized by §  6108 of the Act:

  Defendant is prohibited from stalking, as defined in 18 Pa.C.S. §  2709.1, or harassing, as defined in 18 Pa.C.S. §  2709, the following family and household members of Plaintiff:

 Name      Address (optional)     Relationship to Plaintiff

   


   


   

  Other relief:

   


   


   


  10. Defendant is directed to pay temporary support for: [ INSERT THE NAMES OF THE PERSONS FOR WHOM SUPPORT IS TO BE PAID ] as follows: [ INSERT AMOUNT, FREQUENCY AND OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUPPORT ORDER ]. This order for support shall remain in effect until a final support order is entered by this court. However, this order shall lapse automatically if Plaintiff does not file a complaint for support with the Domestic Relations Section of the court within two weeks of the date of this order. The amount of this temporary order does not necessarily reflect Defendant’s correct support obligation, which shall be determined in accordance with the guidelines at the support hearing. Any adjustments in the final amount of support shall be credited, retroactive to this date, to the appropriate party.

 11.  (a) The costs of this action are imposed on Defendant.
 (b) Because this order followed a contested proceeding, or a hearing at which Defendant was not present, despite being served with a copy of the petition, temporary order and notice of the date, time and place of the hearing, Defendant is ordered to pay an additional $100 surcharge to the court, which shall be distributed in the manner set forth in 23 Pa.C.S. §  6106(d).
 (c) Upon a showing of good cause or a finding that Defendant is unable to pay, the costs of this action are waived.

  12. Defendant shall pay $

to Plaintiff by (insert date) as compensation for Plaintiff’s out-of-pocket losses, which are as follows:
 An installment schedule is ordered as follows:

   


 OR

  Plaintiff is granted leave to present a petition, with appropriate notice to Defendant, to [ INSERT THE NAME OF THE JUDGE OR COURT TO WHICH THE PETITION SHOULD BE PRESENTED ] requesting recovery of out-of-pocket losses. The petition shall include an exhibit itemizing all claimed out-of-pocket losses, copies of all bills and estimates of repair, and an order scheduling a hearing. No fee shall be required by the prothonotary’s office for the filing of this petition.

  13. THIS ORDER SUPERSEDES ANY PRIOR PROTECTION FROM ABUSE ORDER OBTAINED BY THE SAME PLAINTIFF AGAINST THE SAME DEFENDANT.

 14. All provisions of this order shall expire:

 Check one

  in [ INSERT DAYS, MONTHS OR YEARS ] on [ INSERT EXPIRATION DATE ]

  in three years, on [ INSERT EXPIRATION DATE ]

Notice to Defendant
 DEFENDANT IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT FAILURE TO OBEY THIS ORDER MAY RESULT IN ARREST AS SET FORTH IN 23 PA.C.S. §  6113 AND THAT VIOLATION OF THE ORDER MAY RESULT IN A CHARGE OF INDIRECT CRIMINAL CONTEMPT AS SET FORTH IN 23 PA.C.S. §  6114. VIOLATION MAY ALSO SUBJECT YOU TO PROSECUTION AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES UNDER THE PENNSYLVANIA CRIMES CODE. A VIOLATION OF THIS ORDER MAY RESULT IN THE REVOCATION OF THE SAFEKEEPING PERMIT, WHICH WILL REQUIRE THE IMMEDIATE RELINQUISHMENT OF YOUR FIREARMS, OTHER WEAPONS, AND AMMUNITION TO THE SHERIFF OR THE APPROPRIATE LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY. PLAINTIFF’S CONSENT TO CONTACT BY DEFENDANT SHALL NOT INVALIDATE THIS ORDER, WHICH CAN ONLY BE MODIFIED BY FURTHER ORDER OF COURT. 23 PA.C.S. §  6108(g).

 THIS ORDER IS ENFORCEABLE IN ALL FIFTY (50) STATES, THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TRIBAL LANDS, U.S. TERRITORIES, AND THE COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO UNDER THE VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT, 18 U.S.C. §  2265. IF YOU TRAVEL OUTSIDE OF THE STATE AND INTENTIONALLY VIOLATE THIS ORDER, YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO FEDERAL CRIMINAL PROCEEDINGS UNDER THAT ACT. 18 U.S.C. § §  2261-2262. IF YOU POSSESS A FIREARM OR ANY AMMUNITION WHILE THIS ORDER IS IN EFFECT, YOU MAY BE CHARGED WITH A FEDERAL CRIMINAL OFFENSE EVEN IF THIS PENNSYLVANIA ORDER DOES NOT EXPRESSLY PROHIBIT YOU FROM POSSESSING FIREARMS OR AMMUNITION UNDER 18 U.S.C. §  922(g)(8) OR STATE CRIMINAL OFFENSES AND STATE CRIMINAL PENALTIES UNDER 18 PA.C.S. §  6105.

NOTICE TO SHERIFF, POLICE, AND LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS
 The police and sheriff who have jurisdiction over Plaintiff’s residence OR any location where a violation of this order occurs OR where Defendant may be located, shall enforce this order. The court shall have jurisdiction over any indirect criminal contempt proceeding, either in the county where the violation occurred or where this protective order was entered. An arrest for violation of Paragraphs 1 through 7 of this order may be without warrant, based solely on probable cause, whether or not the violation is committed in the presence of the police or any sheriff. 23 Pa.C.S. §  6113.

 Subsequent to an arrest, and without the necessity of a warrant, the police officer or sheriff shall seize all firearms, other weapons, and ammunition in Defendant’s possession that were used or threatened to be used during the violation of the protection order or during prior incidents of abuse and any other firearms in Defendant’s possession. The [ insert the appropriate name or title ] shall maintain possession of the firearms, other weapons, or ammunition until further order of this court.

 When Defendant is placed under arrest for violation of the order, Defendant shall be taken to the appropriate authority or authorities before whom Defendant is to be arraigned. A ‘‘Complaint for Indirect Criminal Contempt’’ shall then be completed and signed by the police officer, sheriff, OR Plaintiff. Plaintiff’s presence and signature are not required to file the complaint.

 If sufficient grounds for violation of this order are alleged, Defendant shall be arraigned, bond set, if appropriate, and both parties given notice of the date of the hearing.

   BY THE COURT:

   

Judge
   

Date
 This order was entered pursuant to the consent of Plaintiff and Defendant:

   

     

(Plaintiff’s signature)          (Defendant’s signature)
(Caption)

ATTACHMENT A TO FINAL ORDER
FIREARMS, OTHER WEAPONS AND AMMUNITION INVENTORY
 It is hereby ordered that Defendant relinquish the following firearms, other weapons, and ammunition to the sheriff or the appropriate law enforcement agency:

   Firearm/Other Weapon/Ammunition            Location

 1.

 2.

 3.

 4.

 5.

 6.

 7.

 8.

 9.

 10.

  All firearms, other weapons, and ammunition owned or possessed by Defendant.

 BY THE COURT:

 Judge

    Date
 Notice: This attachment will be withheld from public inspection in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  6108(a)(7)(v).

Explanatory Comment—1997
   The use of standardized forms provides uniformity and is also critical to the enforcement of protection orders both inside and outside of the commonwealth. These forms are substantially based on those proposed by members of the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Domestic Violence and have been further refined to accommodate the litigants’ need for simplicity, the court’s need for flexibility and law enforcements’ need for certain identifying information necessary to enforce the protection order.

   The forms must be used so that all protection orders can be properly registered with the statewide PFA Registry and the federal Protection Order File (POF) established by the National Crime Information Center (NCIC) for the collection of information that is necessary for nationwide enforcement of protection orders. Entering a protection order into the Registry and NCIC file enables law enforcement to immediately verify the existence and terms of the order. It is important, therefore, that all protection orders be registered with these two files. To this end, the forms capture all of the information that is required for data entry and the form orders are further structured to present that information in the order and sequence that is most helpful to the various law enforcement agencies responsible for entering the information into the files. Once the information reaches the Registry and is accepted by the NCIC file, it becomes immediately accessible to law enforcement agencies, dispatchers and courts throughout the country.

   The provisions in the form petition and orders reflect the most common forms of relief available under the Protection From Abuse Act. Plenty of space, however, is provided for the plaintiff to request additional relief, and for courts to fashion appropriate relief, based on the individual circumstances of the litigants. Since all of the provisions will not necessarily apply in every case, the forms adopt a checkbox method that requires the user to affirmatively check only those provisions which are applicable to his or her situation.

   In cases where a provision is generally applicable but its terms do not correspond precisely to the relief being requested or granted, the user should not check the standard provision but instead should use the blank spaces provided in the forms to specify the relief. For example, while the final order contains a standard provision permitting the defendant to retrieve personal belongings only in the company of a police officer, there may be more suitable methods of retrieval available in some cases. If so, then the plaintiff or court should use the blank spaces provided in the form petition or order (rather than the standard provision) to specify the alternative manner of retrieval.

Explanatory Comment—2000
   Paragraph 2 of the final order has been amended to enable courts to include additional conditions for the retrieval of personalty by the defendant in a section of the final order which permits arrest without a warrant if the conditions are violated. Paragraph 9 of the final order has been amended to require the filing of a support complaint within two weeks, rather than fifteen days, of the entry of a final order under the Protection From Abuse Act to prevent the automatic lapse of any temporary support provisions included in the order. This change is consistent with the statutory provisions at 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6108(a)(5).

Explanatory Comment—2006
   The Notice to Defend in subdivision (a) was amended to include three notice requirements of the 2005 Protection From Abuse Act amendments, Act 66 of 2005. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6107 (a). The amendments provide that sheriffs may arrest defendants for violations of protective orders. The notice also advises the defendant that if firearms, other weapons or ammunition cannot reasonably be retrieved within the required time, the defendant must provide the sheriff with an affidavit listing the firearms, other weapons and ammunition and their current location within 24 hours. Pa.C.S.A. §  6108(a)(7)(i)(B). In addition, defendants have the option to turn firearms, other weapons and ammunition over to a qualified third party instead of the sheriff, and federal firearms prohibitions and penalties are more clearly stated.

   The 2005 amendments to the Protection From Abuse Act require several changes to the form petition at subdivision (b). The plaintiff is required to inform the court if the defendant works in a job that requires the handling of firearms. This provision was included to allow courts to exercise appropriate discretion when a defendant is exempt from federal firearm prohibitions and penalties. It also directs the court to ‘‘make a reasonable effort to preserve the financial assets of the defendant’s business while fulfilling the goals’’ of the Protection From Abuse Act. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6108(a)(7.1). Federal law prohibits possession of firearms and penalizes defendants who possess them if they are subject to an order prohibiting abuse, stalking or harassment. However, certain law enforcement officials are exempt from this prohibition and penalty. Under 18 U.S.C. §  925(a)(1), a person performing an official duty on behalf of the federal, state or local law enforcement agency may possess a firearm as long as the officer is required to possess the firearm in his or her official capacity. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms requires the official possession of the firearm to be authorized by statute, regulation or official department policy. The new notice requirement is found in 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6106 (a.2).

   Paragraph 14 of the form petition was amended to address the manner in which the firearms and other weapons were used against the plaintiff or minor children and to remove the listing of firearms in the petition itself. The amended statute prohibits public access to any list or inventory of the defendant’s firearms, other weapons or ammunition. Thus, a separate Attachment A is included at the end of the petition for purposes of listing the firearms, other weapons and ammunition at issue. This will allow the prothonotary to more easily redact the list from public access, while at the same time permitting the court, the parties and law enforcement agencies to enforce the order. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6108 (a)(7)(v). Section 6108(a)(7) of the Protection From Abuse Act provides for relinquishment of other weapons and ammunition only if they have been used or threatened to be used in an act of abuse. Paragraph 14 and Attachment A to Petition balance the court’s need to be advised of firearms, other weapons and ammunition used or threatened to be used in an act of abuse or available to the defendant with the plaintiff’s right to decline to seek relinquishment of some or all of those firearms, other weapons and ammunition.

   The form petition also was amended to address the court’s authority to order the defendant to relinquish any and all firearms, whether they were used or threatened to be used in an act of abuse or not. Any one of several circumstances authorizes the court to grant this relief, including, but not limited to, abuse involving a firearm or weapon or an immediate and present danger of abuse. The amended statute provides the court with multiple examples of what may constitute proof of immediate and present danger for the purposes of ordering the relinquishment of any or all of the defendant’s firearms. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6107(b)(3). Finally, the form addresses the court’s authority to order the defendant to relinquish other weapons and ammunition which were used or threatened to be used in an act of abuse.

   The form temporary order retains a space for the defendant’s Social Security number. Pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6108(b), ‘‘[a]ny order issued under this section shall, where furnished by either party, specify the Social Security number and date of birth of the defendant.’’

   In subdivisions (c) and (e), paragraph three in the form temporary and final orders is amended to clarify that even indirect contact with a protected person may be prohibited. This clarification reflects the Pennsylvania Supreme Court’s holding in Commonwealth v. Baker, 564 Pa. 192, 766 A.2d 328 (2001), that the order must be ‘‘definite, clear, specific and leave no doubt or uncertainty in the mind of the person to whom it was addressed of the prohibited conduct.’’

   The amendments to paragraph five of the form temporary and final orders are consistent with the statutory provisions of the Protection From Abuse Act relating to custody. See 23 Pa.C.S.A §  6108(a)(4).

   The 2005 amendments to the Protection From Abuse Act provide that the court may order the defendant to relinquish ammunition and firearm licenses, in addition to firearms and other weapons. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6108(a)(7) and 7.1. These items were added to paragraph six of the temporary and final order forms, the notices to the defendant and the notices to the sheriff, police and law enforcement.

   The amendments to paragraph six of the form orders also provide the court with discretion to place certain restrictions on firearms possession or to completely proscribe firearms possession. The amended paragraphs and the notices to the defendant inform the parties that if the defendant is ordered to relinquish firearms, weapons or ammunition, they must be relinquished to the sheriff or, in the alternative, they may be relinquished to a third party who complies with the substantive and procedural requirements for a third party safekeeping permit. 23 Pa.C.S.A. § §  6107(a), 6108.3. Upon entry of a final order, the defendant may also relinquish firearms, other weapons or ammunition to a licensed firearms dealer. No matter which option Defendant chooses, if firearms and weapons are ordered to be relinquished, any firearm license ordered to be relinquished must be relinquished to the sheriff. The aforementioned items may be relinquished at the time of service, but no later than 24 hours after service unless, with regard to firearms, other weapons or ammunition, they cannot reasonably be retrieved due to their location. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6108 (a)(7)(i). The notice to the defendant in the final order was expanded to advise the defendant that violation of the order may result in the revocation of the third-party safekeeping permit.

   Paragraph seven of the final order form was amended to reflect 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6108.1(a) and other statutory provisions concerning the return of firearms.

   Paragraph ten of the final order form was amended to reflect the statute’s prohibition against charging the plaintiff fees or costs related to filing, service, registration or appeal in any Protection From Abuse matter. A new subparagraph (b) in paragraph ten of the final order reflects the 2005 amendments to the Protection From Abuse Act which increased the surcharge a court may order a defendant to pay when an action is contested and directs the disbursement of the collected surcharges. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6106(d).

   Paragraph fourteen of the final order form was amended to reflect the increased period of protection the court may grant. The maximum period of protection was increased from eighteen months to three years.

   The amended notice to the sheriff, police and law enforcement in the final order clarifies that the defendant may be arrested anywhere a violation occurs, and that the court has jurisdiction to hear the issue of indirect criminal contempt either where the order was issued or where the violation occurred. With this amendment, jurisdiction for indirect criminal contempt is parallel to prosecution for stalking and harassment. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6114(a.1). The notice also makes it clear that a search and seizure of firearms may occur without a warrant when incident to arrest. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6113(b) and 6121.

   Other amendments to the order forms reflect that the sheriff is authorized to arrest for violations of the order under the Protection From Abuse Act. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  6113. The references to a protective order superseding provisions of a prior custody order were moved to paragraph five, which deals with custody, in both the temporary and final orders.

Explanatory Comment—2008
   The Protection From Abuse petition form, temporary order form and final order form are being modified to conform to the model template used in Project Passport. Project Passport was designed to improve recognition and enforcement of protection orders within and between states and tribes by encouraging states and tribes to adopt a recognizable first page for protection orders. Use of the model template is supported by the National Center for State Courts and the National American Indian Court Judges Association.

   The critical aspects of the model template for the first page are common data elements jointly identified by multi-disciplinary teams. Using a recognizable first page for protection orders with this essential data readily available and easily recognizable on a protection order, particularly on ‘‘foreign protection orders,’’ helps strengthen the safety net for domestic violence survivors and their children by offering greater consistency in the issuance and enforcement of protection orders.

   Implementation of the model first page for Project Passport requires several changes to the Pennsylvania Protection From Abuse petition, temporary order and final order forms. The petition form caption, as well as the plaintiff’s or filer’s name, relationship to the plaintiff, names and dates of birth of the protected persons, plaintiff’s address, defendant’s address, social security number, place of employment, and age, were moved to the Project Passport first page. The petition paragraphs are also renumbered. On the temporary order and final order forms, the captions and the defendant’s name, date of birth and social security number, as well as the names of the plaintiff and protected persons and dates of birth, were moved to the Project Passport first page. The Project Passport first page for the petition and temporary and final orders all include physical identifiers for the defendant and an indication if weapons were involved, present on the property or relinquished. The first page of the final order also includes the effective and expiration dates of the protection order and the notice to the defendant.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1905 adopted March 9, 1998, effective July 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 1391; amended June 2, 2000, effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 3027; amended October 27, 2000, effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 5837; amended October 31, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 5632; amended March 18, 2004, effective June 16, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 1754; amended May 2, 2006, effective May 9, 2006, 36 Pa.B. 2369; amended February 6, 2007, effective May 7, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 929; amended August 13, 2008, effective in 90 days, 38 Pa.B. 4729; amended February 10, 2015, effective in 30 days on March 12, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 1250; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520; amended March 5, 2019, effective April 10, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 1342. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (392604), (390073) to (390074), (337857) to (337860), (392605) to (392606), (337863) to (337870), (376541) to (376542), (337873) to (337874), (350109) to (350110), (337877) to (337878) and (392607).























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter1910/chap1910toc.html 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 1910. ACTIONS FOR SUPPORT
Rule


1910.1.     Scope. Definitions.
1910.2.     Venue. Transfer of Action.
1910.2-1.     Procedures Pursuant to the Intrastate Family Support Act.
1910.3.     Parties. Obligor. Obligee.
1910.4.     Domestic Relations Section. Commencement of Action. No Filing Fees. Authorized Fees.
1910.5.     Complaint. Order of Court.
1910.6.     Notification.
1910.7.     Pleading by Defendant Not Required. Question of Jurisdiction or Venue or Statute of Limitations in Paternity.
1910.8.     [Rescinded].
1910.9.     Discovery.
1910.10.     Alternative Hearing Procedures.
1910.11.     Office Conference. Subsequent Proceedings. Order.
1910.12.     Office Conference. Hearing. Record. Exceptions. Order.
1910.13.     [Rescinded].
1910.13-1.     Failure or Refusal to Appear Pursuant to Order of Court. Bench Warrant.
1910.13-2.     Form of Request for Bench Warrant and Supporting Affidavit. Form of Bench Warrant.
1910.14.     Defendant Leaving Jurisdiction. Security.
1910.15.     Paternity.
1910.16.     [Rescinded].
1910.16-1.     Support Obligation. Support Guidelines.
1910.16-2.     Support Guidelines. Calculation of Monthly Net Income.
1910.16-3.     Support Guidelines. Basic Child Support Schedule.
1910.16-3.1.     Support Guidelines. High-Income Cases.
1910.16-4.     Support Guidelines. Calculation of Support Obligation, Formula.
1910.16-5.     Support Guidelines. Deviation.
1910.16-6.     Support Guidelines. Basic Support Obligation Adjustments. Additional  Expenses Allocation.
1910.16-7.     Support Guidelines. Multiple Family Child Support Obligations.
1910.17.     Support Order. Effective Date. Change of Circumstances. Copies of Order. Priority of Distribution of Payments.
1910.18.     Support Order. Subsequent Proceedings. Modification of Spousal Support or Alimony Pendente Lite Orders Entered Before January 1, 2019.
1910.19.     Support. Modification. Termination. Guidelines as Substantial Change in Circumstances. Overpayments.
1910.20.     Support Order. Enforcement. General.
1910.21.     Support Order. Enforcement. Withholding of Income.
1910.21-1.     Renumbered.
1910.21-2.     Renumbered.
1910.21-3.     Renumbered.
1910.21-4.     Renumbered.
1910.21-5.     Renumbered.
1910.21-6.     Renumbered.
1910.21-7.     Renumbered.
1910.22.     Support Order. Enforcement. Liens Against Real Property.
1910.23.     Support Order. Enforcement. Attachment of Assets Held by Financial Institutions.
1910.23-1.     [Rescinded].
1910.23-2.     [Rescinded].
1910.24.     Support Order. Enforcement. Judgment for Arrearages. Petition to Correct Judgment. Execution.
1910.25.     Enforcement. Support Order. Civil Contempt. Petition. Service. No Answer Required.
1910.25-1.     Civil Contempt. Hearing by Court. Conference by Officer.
1910.25-2.     Civil Contempt. Office Conference. Agreement. Alternative Procedures Upon Faliure to Agree.
1910.25-3.     Civil Contempt. Conference Summary. Order. Hearing De Novo.
1910.25-4.     Civil Contempt. Alternative Procedure. Record Hearing. Report. Exceptions. Order.
1910.25-5.     Civil Contempt. Contempt Order. Incarceration.
1910.25-6.     Civil Contempt. No Post Trial Relief.
1910.25-7.     Indirect Criminal Contempt. Incarceration.
1910.26.     Support Order. Enforcement. Story of Proceedings. Special Relief.
1910.27.     Form of Complaint. Order. Income Statements and Expense Statements. Health Insurance Coverage Information Form. Form of Support Order. Form Petition for Modification. Petition for Recovery of Support Overpaymet.
1910.28.     Order for Earnings and Health Insurance Information. Form of Earnings Report. Form of Health Insurance Coverage Information.
1910.29.     Evidence in Support Matters.
1910.30.     [Rescinded].
1910.31.     [Rescinded].
1910.49.     Acts of Assembly Not Suspended.
1910.50.     Suspension of Acts of Assembly.
Source
   The provisions of these Rules 1910.1—1910.31 adopted April 23, 1981, effective July 22, 1981, 11 Pa.B. 1625, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 1910.1. Scope. Definitions.
 (a)  Except as provided by subdivision (b), the rules of this chapter govern all civil actions or proceedings brought in the court of common pleas to enforce a duty of support, or an obligation to pay alimony pendente lite.

   Official Note

   A duty of support is imposed by the following statutes: 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4321 and Section 3 of the Support Law of June 24, 1937, P. L. 2045, 62 P. S. §  1973 (repealed) now Act 43-2005, July 7, 2005, P. L. 196. The procedure under the rules of this chapter implements Chapter 43 of Part V of the Domestic Relations Code, Title 23 of the Consolidated Statutes, 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4301 et seq., relating to support proceedings. The procedure under these rules provides an alternative to the intrastate and interstate procedures under Parts VIII and VIII-A of the Domestic Relations Code, 23 Pa.C.S.A. § §  7101 et seq. and 8101 et seq. For alimony and alimony pendente lite, see Sections 3701 and 3702 of the Divorce Code, 23 Pa.C.S.A. § §  3701, 3702.

   Official Note

   Long arm jurisdiction is available in support actions brought pursuant to these rules per 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4342(c).

 (b) The rules of this chapter shall not govern

   (1)  an action or proceeding for support based upon a contract or agreement which provides that it may not be enforced by an action in accordance with these rules,

   (2)  an application for a temporary order of support and other relief pursuant to the Protection from Abuse Act of December 19, 1990, P. L. 1240, No. 206, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6101 et seq. or

   (3)  an action for support of an indigent brought pursuant to Chapter 46 of the Domestic Relations Code, 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4601 et seq.

   Official Note

   Where a contract or agreement provides that it cannot be enforced in accordance with the rules, actions upon a contract or agreement for support are to be heard by the court and not a conference officer or hearing officer under Rules 1910.11 or 1910.12. However, such actions should be expedited and given preference in court listings.

 (c)  As used in this chapter, unless the context of a rule indicates otherwise, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

   ‘‘Conference officer,’’ the person who conducts an office conference pursuant to Rule 1910.11.

   ‘‘Hearing officer,’’ the person who conducts a hearing on the record and makes recommendations to the court pursuant to Rule 1910.12.

   ‘‘Overdue support,’’ the amount of delinquent support equal to or greater than one month’s support obligation which accrues after entry or modification of a support order as the result of obligor’s nonpayment of that order.

   ‘‘Past due support,’’ the amount of support which accrues prior to entry or modification of a support order as the result of retroactivity of that order. When nonpayment of the order causes overdue support to accrue, any and all amounts of past due support owing under the order shall convert immediately to overdue support and remain as such until paid in full.

   ‘‘Suspend,’’ eliminate the effect of a support order for a period of time.

   ‘‘Terminate,’’ end not only the support order, but the support obligation as well.

   ‘‘Trier-of-fact,’’ the judge, hearing officer, or conference officer who makes factual determinations.

   ‘‘Vacate,’’ declare a particular support order null and void, as if it were never entered.

Explanatory Comment—1994
   Nothing in this rule should be interpreted to eliminate the distinctions between spousal support and alimony pendente lite which are established by case law.

   Alimony pendente lite must be distinguished from permanent alimony for purposes of this rule. The rule applies only to alimony pendente lite. The procedure for obtaining permanent alimony is governed by Section 3702 of the Divorce Code, 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  3702, and Rules of Civil Procedure 1920.1 et seq. Agreements for alimony approved by the court in connection with actions for divorce under Section 3701 of the Divorce Code are deemed to be court orders enforceable under Section 3703 of the Code.

   Section 3105(a) of the Divorce Code provides that all agreements relating to matters under the code, whether or not merged or incorporated into the decree, are to be treated as orders for purposes of enforcement unless the agreement provides otherwise. Subdivision (b)(1) is amended to conform to the statute.

   There is considerable diversity in the terminology used throughout the rules, and in the various counties, to describe the individuals who conduct conferences and hearings pursuant to the support rules. The addition of subdivision (c) to the rules standardizes terminology and eliminates the confusion which results from individual counties using inconsistent terms to refer to persons performing the same function. All references in the rules to conference or hearing officers have been amended to conform to the terminology set forth in subdivision (c).

   In an effort to further standardize the terminology used in support matters, the additional terms are defined.

Explanatory Comment—2000
   Act 1998-127 technically amended Act 1997-58 to define and differentiate between past due and overdue support to clarify that only overdue support constitutes a lien by operation of law against the obligor’s real or personal property. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4302 now defines overdue support as ‘‘support which is delinquent under a payment schedule established by the court.’’ Past due support is defined as ‘‘support included in an order of support which has not been paid.’’

   The definitions of past due and overdue support in this rule do not substantively change the legislative definitions. They merely elaborate on them in terms which are more familiar and helpful to the bench and bar. Specifically, past due support consists of the purely retroactive arrearages which accumulate between the date of the filing of the complaint or petition for modification and the date of the hearing and entry of the initial or modified support order. Overdue support refers to the delinquent arrearages which accrue after entry of the order due to the obligor’s failure to pay support pursuant to the order.

   These definitions are important for determining the remedies available for collecting support arrearages. Pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4352(d), only overdue support (delinquent arrearages) constitutes a lien by operation of law against the obligor’s property. Conversely, past due support (retroactive arrears) does not operate as a lien against this property as long as the obligor remains current on the support order.

   Rule 1910.20 extends this legislative distinction between overdue and past due support to the following remedies available to collect support: (1) consumer agency reporting under 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4303; (2) suspension of licenses under 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4355; and (3) the full range of new collection remedies under 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4305(b)(10). Accordingly, these remedies are available only to collect overdue support. They are not available to collect past due support as long as the obligor remains current on the order. If, however, the obligor subsequently defaults on the support order, Rule 1910.20(c) provides that any past due support still owing under the order immediately becomes overdue support subject to the full range of collection remedies. It remains overdue support until collected in full.

   Pursuant to Rule 1910.20(c), all overdue support, including past due support which has converted to overdue support, remains subject to Act 58 remedies until paid in full. Any repayment plan subsequently agreed to by the parties, or ordered by the court pursuant to a contempt proceeding (including any arrearage component), does not preclude the use of these remedies for collecting overdue support more quickly, whenever feasible.

   In cases involving past due support only, the obligee is not entirely without remedy in the event that additional income or assets of the obligor are discovered after the hearing which would enable collection of past due support more quickly. In these cases, identification of those income sources or assets provides a basis for modification pursuant to Rule 1910.19. Modification includes increasing the rate of repayment on past due support and, if appropriate, ordering that the past due support be paid in full. In these cases, the obligee may also petition the court for special relief pursuant to Rule 1910.26 to have the income or assets frozen and seized pending the petition for modification in order to secure payment of past due support.

Explanatory Comment—2007
   Act 43-2005, July 7, 2005, P. L. 196, repealed the Act of June 24, 1937 (P. L. 2045, No. 397), known as The Support Law and added Chapter 46 to the Domestic Relations Code, 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4601 et seq. Section 4 of Act 43-2005 states that the addition of Chapter 46 is a continuation of the Act of June 24, 1937 (P. L. 2045, No. 397). Chapter 46 addresses the responsibility of certain family members to maintain indigent relatives, whether or not the indigent person is a public charge. New subdivision (b)(3) clarifies that the support rules and guidelines do not apply to actions brought under Chapter 46 of the Domestic Relations Code.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.1 amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1953; amended April 15, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 2296; amended December 8, 1994, effective July 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6399; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended February 2, 2007, effective February 3, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 522; amended August 17, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 5539. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (395598) and (364529) to (364531).

Rule 1910.2. Venue. Transfer of Action.
 (a)  An action may be brought in

   (1)  the county in which the defendant resides, or

   (2)  the county in which the defendant is regularly employed, or

   (3)  the county in which the plaintiff resides and that county is the county in which the last marital domicile was located and in which the plaintiff has continued to reside.

   (4)  the county in which the child resides if the relief sought includes child support.

   Official Note

   If an action for support is brought in the county in which the plaintiff resides but that county is not the county in which the last family domicile was located and in which the plaintiff has continued to reside, the action shall proceed in accordance with the Revised Uniform Reciprocal Enforcement of Support Act (1968), 23 Pa.C.S. §  4501 et seq. if the defendant is outside the Commonwealth, or in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  4533 which provides for intrastate application of RURESA if the defendant is within the Commonwealth, and not in accordance with these Rules.

 (b) Where jurisdiction is acquired over the defendant pursuant to the long arm statute, 23 Pa.C.S. §  4342(c), the action may be brought in the county where the plaintiff resides.

   Official Note

   23 Pa.C.S. §  7201 sets forth the specific bases for long arm jurisdiction over a non-resident defendant.

 (c)  If, at the time of the filing of the action, there is a divorce or custody action pending between the parties in an appropriate court in another county, the court upon good cause shown may transfer the support action to that county.

 (d)  For the convenience of the parties and witnesses the court may transfer an action to the appropriate court of any other county where the action could have been brought at the time of transfer.

   Official Note

   The standards for transfer of an action for the convenience of parties and witnesses are the same as the standards under Rule 1006(d).

 (e)  A support order may be enforced in accordance with the Uniform Interstate Family Support Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  7101 et seq., if the defendant resides outside the Commonwealth, or in accordance with the Intrastate Family Support Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  8101 et seq., if the defendant resides in another county within the Commonwealth.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.2 amended June 20, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended December 8, 1994, effective July 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6399; amended December 18, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 16; amended October 31, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 5632. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (267729) to (267730).

Rule 1910.2-1. Procedures Pursuant to the Intrastate Family Support Act.
 (a)  The court in the county in which the complaint for support is filed shall retain and process the case for so long as all of the following conditions are met:

   (1)  there is proper venue pursuant to Rule 1910.2;

   (2)  the defendant-obligor’s mailing address is known;

   (3)  sufficient information is known about the defendant-obligor’s employment to enable the court to issue an earnings subpoena; and

   (4)  the obligee consents.

   Official Note

   A support action should be maintained in the county in which the obligee and/or the child(ren) reside and should not involve a second county unless the county of residence is unable to obtain service on the defendant-obligor or obtain information regarding the defendant-obligor’s employment. However, the obligee is permitted to request that the case proceed under the Intrastate Family Support Act (IFSA) in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  8103.

   If the venue requirements are met, the court in the obligee’s county of residence should attempt to retain the case if there already is an order in that county against the same defendant-obligor in this or another child/spousal support case or if the defendant-obligor is incarcerated.

 (b)  If courts in two or more counties must be involved in the establishment and enforcement of an obligation for support:

   (1)  the case must proceed pursuant to the Intrastate Family Support Act; and

   (2)  venue shall follow the defendant-obligor in order to maintain the availability of statutory enforcement remedies.

 (c)  A support order shall not be registered in another county unless:

   (1)  requested by the obligee, or

   (2)  necessary to maintain an order for support, to obtain payment of the support obligation or to consolidate multiple cases involving the same defendant-obligor.

 (d)  Only one support order shall be charging against a defendant-obligor for the same spouse and/or child(ren) at one time.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.2-1 adopted October 31, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 5632.

Rule 1910.3. Parties. Obligor. Obligee.
 (a)  An action may be brought

   (1)  by a person, including a minor parent or a minor spouse, to whom a duty of support is owing, or

   (2)  on behalf of a minor child by a person having custody of the child, without appointment as guardian ad litem, or

   (3)  on behalf of a minor child by a person caring for the child regardless of whether a court order has been issued granting that person custody of the child, or

   (4)  by a public body or private agency having an interest in the case, maintenance or assistance of a person to whom a duty of support is owing, or

   (5)  by a parent, guardian or public or private agency on behalf of an unemancipated child over eighteen years of age to whom a duty of support is owing, or.

   (6)  by any person who may owe a duty of support to a child or spouse. If the person to whom a duty of support may be owed does not appear, the action may be dismissed without prejudice for the petitioner to seek further relief from the court.

 (b)  The trier of fact shall enter an appropriate order based upon the evidence presented, without regard to which party initiated the support action, filed a modification petition or filed a petition for recovery of support overpayment. The determination of which party will be the obligee and which will be the obligor will be made by the trier of fact based upon the respective incomes of the parties, consistent with the support guidelines and existing law, and the custodial arrangements at the time of the initial or subsequent conference, hearing or trial. If supported by the evidence, the party named as the defendant in the initial pleading may be deemed to be the obligee, even if that party did not file a complaint for support. The provisions of this subdivision do not apply to parties seeking spousal support or alimony pendente lite. Parties seeking spousal support or alimony pendente lite must assert a claim in an appropriate pleading with proper notice served upon the other party.

   (1)  In general, the party who has primary custody of the children shall be the obligee of a child support order.

   (2)  When the parties share custody of the children equally, the party with the higher income shall be the obligor as provided in Rule 1910.16-4(c)(2).

Explanatory Comment—1999
   New subdivision (c) incorporates 23 Pa.C.S. §  4341(b) to confer standing on any person who is caring for a child to seek support on behalf of that child even though there is no court order granting legal or physical custody to that person. The statutory provision effectively overrules Larson v. Diveglia, 549 Pa. 118, 700 A.2d 931 (1997), which held to the contrary.

   Subdivision (e) is amended to eliminate the requirement of consent when the child is over 18 years of age. This requirement was originally intended only for applicable child support actions for higher educational support, which actions were abolished by Curtis v. Kline, 542 Pa. 249, 666 A.2d 265 (1995). This rule also is intended to apply to children who are unemancipated by reason of physical or mental disability, consistent with 23 Pa.C.S. §  4321(3) as interpreted by case law.

Explanatory Comment—2011
   A new category has been added in subdivision (a) to allow a party who may not have primary custody of the parties’ child or who may owe a duty of support to a spouse to initiate a support action in which an appropriate order may be entered. In some cases, the obligor may want to start paying spousal support or alimony pendente lite to the obligee as soon as possible to avoid the accumulation of retroactive arrears, but §  71 of the Internal Revenue Code provides that payments to a spouse or ex-spouse must be pursuant to an order or a divorce or separation instrument to receive alimony tax treatment. Thus, any payments made prior to the entry of a support order will not be deductible by the obligor. This provision is intended to allow an obligor to commence the process by which he or she may pay support earlier.

   A new subdivision (b) has been added to clarify that in all initial and subsequent child support actions, the trier of fact may enter a support order against either party, without regard to which party filed the complaint or petition for modification. This facilitates judicial economy, and relieves the parties from incurring additional filing fees, losing time from work or family, losing retroactivity and having to wait for a new proceeding to be scheduled. It enables the trier of fact to base the order on the facts and circumstances at the time of the proceeding, which may be different than at the time of filing.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.3 amended March 2, 2000, effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 1646; amended October 30, 2001, effective immediately, 21 Pa.B. 6273; amended August 26, 2011, effective November 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 4847; amended November 5, 2012, effective December 5, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 7091. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (358492) to (358494).

Rule 1910.4. Domestic Relations Section. Commencement of Action. No Filing Fees. Authorized Fees.
 (a)  Each court of common pleas shall have a domestic relations section that shall be the filing office for pleadings and documents for child support, spousal support, and alimony pendente lite actions.

 (b)  A party shall commence actions for child support and spousal support by filing a complaint in the domestic relations section. A party shall commence an action for alimony pendente lite by filing a complaint in the domestic relations section if a divorce complaint has been filed with the prothonotary.

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.27(a) for the form of the complaint.

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). To the extent this rule applies to actions not governed by other legal authority regarding confidentiality of information and documents in support actions or that attorneys or unrepresented parties file support-related confidential information and documents in non-support actions (e.g., divorce, custody), the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania shall apply.

   See the Pennsylvania Department of Human Services Child Support Program for e-services, including filing for support or requesting a modification of an existing support order at https://www.humanservices.state.pa.us/csws/.

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.31(a)(2) regarding the filing of alimony pendente lite actions in the domestic relations section.

 (c)  The domestic relations section shall not require payment of a filing fee to commence or modify an action.

 (d)  Unless authorized by statute, a judicial district shall not impose additional fees in actions for child support, spousal support, and alimony pendente lite. The domestic relations section shall collect fees through the Pennsylvania Child Support Enforcement System (PACSES).

   Official Note

   The statutorily authorized fees in actions for child support, spousal support, and alimony pendente lite include the genetic testing fee, the federally mandated annual fee, and fees associated with statewide court operations referenced in 204 Pa. Code §  29.351.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.4 amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520; amended July 30, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 4960. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392610).

Rule 1910.5. Complaint. Order of Court.
 (a)  The complaint shall be substantially in the form provided by Rule 1910.27(a).

 (b)  The complaint shall not contain a notice to defend or be endorsed with a notice to plead.

   Official Note

   Neither Rule 1018.1 nor Rule 1361 applies to a complaint in an action for support.

 (c) An order shall be attached at the front of the complaint directing the defendant to appear before an officer for a conference at the time and place directed by the court. The order shall be substantially in the form provided by Rule 1910.27(b) and must include notice that a child support order may be entered against either party without regard to which party initiated the action.

   Official Note

   For service of original process in support matters, see Rule 1930.4.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.5 amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended August 26, 2011, effective November 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 4847. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (293833) to (293834).

Rule 1910.6. Notification.
 Parties to a support action and their attorneys shall be provided notice of all proceedings in which support obligations might be established or modified. Notice must be provided at least 20 days prior to the proceeding. The parties and their attorneys shall also be provided with a copy of any order issued in the support action within 14 days after issuance of the order. If there is no activity in a support action for a period of three years, the domestic relations section shall send a notice to each of the parties’ attorneys advising each attorney that his or her appearance in the support action shall be deemed to be withdrawn unless the attorney objects within thirty (30) days of the date the notice is mailed to the attorney. An attorney representing a party in a support action shall not be deemed to be representing that party in any other action, nor shall a withdrawal of appearance in a support action be deemed to be a withdrawal of appearance for the party in any other proceeding.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.6 rescinded June 20, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended October 2, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4518; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended October 30, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 6273. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (267732).

Rule 1910.7. Pleading by Defendant Not Required. Question of Jurisdiction or Venue or Statute of Limitations in Paternity.
 (a)  An answer or other responsive pleading by the defendant shall not be required, but if the defendant elects to file a pleading, the domestic relations office conference required by the order of court shall not be delayed.

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). To the extent this rule applies to actions not governed by other legal authority regarding confidentiality of information and documents in support actions or that attorneys or unrepresented parties file support-related confidential information and documents in non-support actions (e.g., divorce, custody), the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania shall apply.

 (b)  If defendant raises a question of jurisdiction or venue or in paternity cases the defense of the statute of limitations, the court shall promptly dispose of the question and may, in an appropriate case, stay the domestic relations office conference.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.7 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (390083).

Rule 1910.8. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   The provisions in this Rule now appear in Rule 1910.2(a) through (f).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.8 amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; rescinded December 18, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 16. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (231363).

Rule 1910.9. Discovery.
 (a) Except as provided in Rule 1910.11(j) and Rule 1910.12(c), there shall be no discovery in an action for support unless authorized by special order of court.

   Official Note

   The rule relating to discovery in domestic relations matters generally is Rule 1930.5.

 (b)  Where a party is employed, the court shall ascertain the party’s earnings and may enter an order directing the employer to furnish earnings information to the court as provided by Rule 1910.28.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.9 amended May 5, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 2532; amended March 2, 2000, effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 1646; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (265460).

Rule 1910.10. Alternative Hearing Procedures.
 (a)  The action shall proceed as prescribed by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.11 unless the court by local rule adopts the alternative hearing procedure of Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.12.

 (b)  The president judge or the administrative judge of Family Division of each county shall certify that all support proceedings in that county are conducted in accordance with either Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.11 or Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.12. The certification shall be filed with the Domestic Relations Procedural Rules Committee, and shall be substantially in the following form:  I hereby certify that

County conducts its support proceedings in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No.
.
(PRESIDENT JUDGE)           (ADMINISTRATIVE JUDGE)
   Official Note

   For a complete list of the Alternative Hearing Procedures for each county: http://www.pacourts.us/courts/supreme-court/committees/rules-committees/domestic-relations-procedural-rules-committee.

Explanatory Comment
   In accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.10, a judicial district may opt for one of two procedures for support matters; the procedure selected is then certified by the president judge or administrative judge to the Domestic Relations Procedural Rules Committee as prescribed in subdivision (b). Subdivision (b) was added in response to requests from appellate court judges who find that it is often difficult to determine the rule with which the actual support procedure is intended to comply. Subsequently, a judicial district may, at any time, change its support procedure by filing a new certification with the staff of the Domestic Relations Procedural Rules Committee indicating the rule according to which support matters will proceed. However, a judicial district may, by local rule, permit interstate actions to proceed directly to a hearing officer or judge without a conference.

   The procedure set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.11 provides for a conference before a conference officer, a conference summary and entry of an interim order for support calculated in accordance with the guidelines, and a right to demand a hearing de novo before a judge. The hearing must be held and the final order entered within 60 days of the written demand for hearing.

   The alternate procedure, as set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.12, provides for a conference before a conference officer, a record hearing before a hearing officer, and issuance of a report and recommendation to which exceptions may be filed within ten days. The court must hear argument and enter a final order within 60 days of the filing of exceptions.

   In lieu of continuing the practice of including in the Note a 67-county list identifying the hearing procedure selected by the local county court, the list can now be found on the Domestic Relations Procedural Rules Committee website.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.10 amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1953; amended September 5, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4097; amended October 30, 2001, effecitve immediately, 31 Pa.B. 6273; amended October 8, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 5262; amended July 30, 2003, effective immediately, 33 Pa.B. 4072; amended January 12, effective May 12, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 586; amended September 16, 2013, effective October 16, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 5701; amended October 13, 2015, effective January 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 6400; amended October 14, 2016, effective December 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 6819. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (378981) to (378983).

Rule 1910.11. Office Conference. Subsequent Proceedings. Order.
 (a)  Office Conference.

   (1)  A conference officer shall conduct the office conference.

   (2)  A lawyer serving as a conference officer employed by, or under contract with, a judicial district or appointed by the court shall not practice family law before a conference officer, hearing officer, or judge of the same judicial district.

   Official Note

   Conference officers preside at office conferences under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.11. Hearing officers preside at hearings under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.12. The appointment of a hearing officer to hear actions in divorce or for annulment of marriage is authorized by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.51.

 (b)  If a party fails to appear at the conference as directed by the court, the conference may proceed.

 (c)  At the conference, the parties shall provide to the conference officer the following documents:

 • the most recently filed individual federal income tax returns, including all schedules, W-2s, and 1099s;

 • the partnership or business tax returns with all schedules, including K-1, if the party is self-employed or a principal in a partnership or business entity;

 • pay stubs for the preceding six months;

 • verification of child care expenses;

 • child support, spousal support, alimony pendente lite, or alimony orders or agreements for other children or former spouses;

 • proof of available medical coverage; and

 • an Income Statement and, if necessary, an Expense Statement on the forms provided in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.27(c) and completed as set forth in subdivisions (c)(1) and (2).

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). To the extent this rule applies to actions not governed by other legal authority regarding confidentiality of information and documents in support actions or that attorneys or unrepresented parties file support-related confidential information and documents in non-support actions (e.g., divorce, custody), the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania shall apply.

   (1)  The parties shall provide the conference officer with a completed:

     (i)   Income Statement as set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.27(c)(1) in all support cases, including high-income cases under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3.1; and

     (ii)   Expense Statement as set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.27(c)(2)(A), if a party:

       (A)   claims that unusual needs and unusual fixed expenses may warrant a deviation from the guideline support amount pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-5; or

       (B)   seeks expense apportionment pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6.

   (2)  For high-income support cases as set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3.1, the parties shall provide to the conference officer the Expense Statement in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.27(c)(2)(B).

 (d)  Conference Officer Recommendation.

   (1)  The conference officer shall calculate and recommend a guideline support amount to the parties.

   (2)  If the parties agree on a support amount at the conference, the conference officer shall:

     (i)   prepare a written order consistent with the parties’ agreement and substantially in the form set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.27(e), which the parties shall sign; and

     (ii)   submit to the court the written order along with the conference officer’s recommendation for approval or disapproval.

     (iii)   The court may enter the order in accordance with the agreement without hearing from the parties.

   (3)  In all cases in which one or both parties are unrepresented, the parties must provide income information to the domestic relations section so that a guidelines calculation can be performed.

   (4)  In cases in which both parties are represented by counsel, the parties shall not be obligated to provide income information and the domestic relations section shall not be required to perform a guidelines calculation if the parties have reached an agreement about the amount of support and the amount of contribution to additional expenses.

 (e)  At the conclusion of the conference or not later than 10 days after the conference, the conference officer shall prepare a conference summary and furnish copies to the court and to both parties. The conference summary shall state:

   (1)  the facts upon which the parties agree;

   (2)  the contentions of the parties with respect to facts upon which they disagree; and

   (3)  the conference officer’s recommendation; if any, of

     (i)   the amount of support and by and for whom the support shall be paid; and

     (ii)   the effective date of any order.

 (f)  If an agreement for support is not reached at the conference, the court, without hearing the parties, shall enter an interim order calculated in accordance with the guidelines and substantially in the form set forth in Rule 1910.27(e). Each party shall be provided, either in person at the time of the conference or by mail, with a copy of the interim order and written notice that any party may, within twenty days after the date of receipt or the date of the mailing of the interim order, whichever occurs first, file a written demand with the domestic relations section for a hearing before the court.

 (g)  A demand for a hearing before the court shall not stay the interim order entered under subdivision (f) unless the court so directs.

 (h)  If no party demands a hearing before the court within the twenty day period, the interim order shall constitute a final order.

 (i)  If a demand is filed, there shall be a hearing de novo before the court. The domestic relations section shall schedule the hearing and give notice to the parties. The court shall hear the case and enter a final order substantially in the form set forth in Rule 1910.27(e) within sixty days from the date of the written demand for hearing.

 (j)(1)  Promptly after receipt of the notice of the scheduled hearing, a party may move the court for a separate listing where:

     (i)   there are complex questions of law, fact or both; or

     (ii)   the hearing will be protracted; or

     (iii)   the orderly administration of justice requires that the hearing be listed separately.

   (2)  If the motion for separate listing is granted, discovery shall be available in accordance with Rule 4001 et seq.

   Official Note

   The rule relating to discovery in domestic relations matters generally is Rule 1930.5.

 (k)  No motion for post-trial relief may be filed to the final order of support.

Explanatory Comment—1994
   The domestic relations office conference provided by Rule 1910.11 constitutes the heart of the support procedure. There are two primary advantages to the inclusion of a conference. First, in many cases the parties will agree upon an amount of support and a final order will be prepared, to be entered by the court, thus dispensing with a judicial hearing. Second, those cases which do go to hearing can proceed more quickly because the necessary factual information has already been gathered by the conference officer.

   Subdivision (a)(2) prohibits certain officers of the court from practicing family law before fellow officers of the same court. These officers are the conference officer who is an attorney (Rule 1910.11), the hearing officer (Rule 1910.12), and the standing or permanent master who is employed by the court (Rule 1920.51). The amendments are not intended to apply to the attorney who is appointed occasionally to act as a master in a divorce action.

   Subdivision (e)(3) makes clear that even if the parties agree on an amount of support, the conference officer is still empowered to recommend to the court that the agreement be disapproved. This provision is intended to protect the destitute spouse who might out of desperation agree to an amount of support that is unreasonably low or which would in effect bargain away the rights of the children. The officer’s disapproval of the agreement serves to prevent an inadequate order being entered unwittingly by the court.

   The provision for an interim order in subdivision (f) serves two purposes. First, it ensures that the obligee will receive needed support for the period during which the judicial determination is sought. Second, it eliminates the motive of delay in seeking a judicial determination.

   Because the guidelines are income driven, the trier of fact has little need for the expense information required in the Income and Expense Statement. Therefore in guideline cases, the rule no longer requires that expense information be provided. If a party feels that there are expenses so extraordinary that they merit consideration by the trier of fact, that party is free to provide the information. In cases decided according to Melzer v. Witsberger, 505 Pa. 462, 480 A.2d 991 (1984), living expenses are properly considered, and therefore must be presented on the Income and Expense Statement.

Explanatory Comment—1995
   Rule 1910.11(e) is amended to eliminate the need for a party to request a copy of the conference summary.

   Because the court is required to enter a guideline order on the basis of the conference officer’s recommendation, there is no need for (g)(2), which provided for a hearing before the court where an order was not entered within five days of the conference. It is eliminated accordingly.

   Pursuant to subdivision (g), support payments are due and owing under the interim order which continues in effect until the court enters a final order after the hearing de novo. The provision for an interim order serves two purposes. First, it ensures that the obligee will receive needed support for the period during which the judicial determination is sought. Second, it eliminates the motive of delay in seeking a judicial determination. Therefore, the plaintiff and the dependent children are not prejudiced by allowing the court sixty days, rather than the original forty-five, in which to enter its final order.

Explanatory Comment—2006
   The time for filing a written demand for a hearing before the court has been expanded from ten to twenty days. The purpose of this amendment is to provide ample opportunity for litigants and counsel to receive notice of the entry of the order, to assure commonwealth-wide consistency in calculation of time for filing and to conform to applicable general civil procedural rules.

   The amendments reflect the separated Income Statement and Expense Statements in Rule 1910.27(c).

Explanatory Comment—2010
   When the parties’ combined net income exceeds $30,000 per month, calculation of child support, spousal support and alimony pendente lite shall be pursuant to Rule 1910.16-3.1. Rule 1910.16-2(e) has been amended to eliminate the application of Melzer v. Witsberger, 505 Pa. 462, 480 A.2d 991 (1984), in high income child support cases.

Explanatory Comment—2011
   The rule has been amended to require that income information be provided in all cases, unless both parties are represented in reaching an agreement, so that a guidelines calculation can be performed. The guidelines create a rebuttable presumption that the amount calculated pursuant to them is the correct amount, so there should be a calculation in every case. If parties agree to receive or to pay an order other than the guideline amount, they should know what that amount is so that they can enter an agreement knowingly. If both parties are represented by counsel, it is assumed that their entry into the agreement for an amount other than a guidelines amount is knowing as it is counsels’ responsibility to advise the parties. In addition, part of the mandatory quadrennial review of the support guidelines mandates a study of the number of cases in which the support amount ordered varies from the amount that would result from a guidelines calculation. Federal regulations presume that if a large percentage of cases vary from the guideline amount, then the guidelines are not uniform statewide.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.11 adopted April 23, 1981, effective July 22, 1981, 11 Pa.B. 1625; amended October 19, 1983, effective January 1, 1984, 13 Pa.B. 3629; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended September 29, 1989, effective October 15, 1989, 19 Pa.B. 4451; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1953; amended December 2, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6263; amended September 8, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4095; amended May 5, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 2532; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended August 8, 2006, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 4709; amended November 8, 2006, effective February 6, 2007, 36 Pa.B. 7113; amended October 30, 2007, effective immediately, 37 Pa.B. 5976; amended January 12, 2010, effective May 12, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 586; amended August 26, 2011, effective November 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 4847; amended December 23, 2011, effective January 31, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 379, 545; amended July 2, 2014, effective in 30 days on August 1, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 4476; amended March 4, 2015, effective in 30 days on April 3, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 1354; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520; amended December 28, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 170; amended August 17, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 5539; amended October 19, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 6764. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (395599) to (395600), (392615) to (392616) and (395601).

Rule 1910.12. Office Conference. Hearing. Record. Exceptions. Order.
 (a)  Office Conference. There shall be an office conference as provided by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.11(a) through (d). The provisions of Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.11(d)(3) and (4) regarding income information apply in cases proceeding pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.12.

 (b)  Conference Conclusion.

   (1)  At the conclusion of a conference attended by both parties, if an agreement for support has not been reached, and the conference and hearing are not scheduled on the same day, the court, without hearing the parties, shall enter an interim order calculated in accordance with the guidelines and substantially in the form set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.27(e), and the parties shall be given notice of the date, time and place of a hearing. A record hearing shall be conducted by a hearing officer who must be a lawyer.

   (2)  If either party, having been properly served, fails to attend the conference, the court may enter an interim order calculated in accordance with the guidelines and substantially in the form set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.27(e). Within 20 days after the date of receipt or the date of mailing of the interim order, whichever occurs first, either party may demand a hearing before a hearing officer. If no hearing is requested, the order shall become final.

   (3)  Any lawyer serving as a hearing officer employed by, or under contract with, a judicial district or appointed by the court shall not practice family law before a conference officer, hearing officer, or judge of the same judicial district.

   Official Note

   Conference officers preside at office conferences under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.11. Hearing officers preside at hearings under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.12. The appointment of a hearing officer to hear actions in divorce or for annulment of marriage is authorized by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.51.

 (c)  Separate Listing.

   (1)  Except as provided in subdivision (c)(2), promptly after the conference’s conclusion, a party may move the court for a separate listing of the hearing if:

     (i)   there are complex questions of law, fact or both;

     (ii)   the hearing will be protracted; or

     (iii)   the orderly administration of justice requires that the hearing be listed separately.

   (2)  When the conference and hearing are scheduled on the same day, all requests for separate listing shall be presented to the court at least seven days prior to the scheduled court date.

   (3)  If the motion for separate listing is granted, discovery shall be available in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. 4001 et seq.

   Official Note

   The rule relating to discovery in domestic relations matters generally is Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.5.

 (d)  The hearing officer shall receive evidence, hear argument and, not later than 20 days after the close of the record, file with the court a report containing a recommendation with respect to the entry of an order of support. The report may be in narrative form stating the reasons for the recommendation and shall include a proposed order substantially in the form set forth in Rule 1910.27(e) stating:

   (1)  the amount of support calculated in accordance with the guidelines;

   (2)  by and for whom it shall be paid; and

   (3)  the effective date of the order.

 (e)  The court, without hearing the parties, shall enter an interim order consistent with the proposed order of the hearing officer. Each party shall be provided, either in person at the time of the hearing or by mail, with a copy of the interim order and written notice that any party may, within twenty days after the date of receipt or the date of mailing of the order, whichever occurs first, file with the domestic relations section written exceptions to the report of the hearing officer and interim order.

   Official Note

   Objections to the entry of an interim order consistent with the proposed order may be addressed pursuant to Rule 1910.26.

 (f)  Within twenty days after the date of receipt or the date of mailing of the report by the hearing officer, whichever occurs first, any party may file exceptions to the report or any part thereof, to rulings on objections to evidence, to statements or findings of facts, to conclusions of law, or to any other matters occurring during the hearing. Each exception shall set forth a separate objection precisely and without discussion. Matters not covered by exceptions are deemed waived unless, prior to entry of the final order, leave is granted to file exceptions raising those matters. If exceptions are filed, any other party may file exceptions within twenty days of the date of service of the original exceptions.

 (g)  If no exceptions are filed within the twenty-day period, the interim order shall constitute a final order.

 (h)  If exceptions are filed, the interim order shall continue in effect. The court shall hear argument on the exceptions and enter an appropriate final order substantially in the form set forth in Rule 1910.27(e) within sixty days from the date of the filing of exceptions to the interim order. No motion for post-trial relief may be filed to the final order.

Explanatory Comment—1995
   Language is added to subdivision (b) to acknowledge that the conference and hearing can be held on the same day, and to provide for the immediate entry of an interim order in judicial districts where the hearing occurs at a later date. New subdivision (b)(2) permits entry of a guideline order after a conference which the defendant, though properly served, fails to attend. New subdivision (c)(2) is intended to prevent delays in the hearing of complex cases by requiring that requests for separate listing be made at least seven days in advance where the conference and hearing are scheduled on the same day.

   In addition, the phrase ‘‘record hearing’’ in subdivision (a) replaces the reference to a ‘‘stenographic record’’ in recognition of the variety of means available to create a reliable record of support proceedings.

   Amended subdivision (e) allows an interim order to be entered and served on the parties at the conclusion of the hearing, rather than after the expiration of the exceptions period as was true under the old rule. In addition, the amended subdivision requires that the interim order include language advising the parties of their right to file exceptions within ten days of the date of the order.

   Support payments are due and owing under the interim order which continues in effect until the court enters a final order after considering the parties’ exceptions. Therefore, extension of the deadline for entering the final order by fifteen days does not prejudice the persons dependent upon payment of the support.

Explanatory Comment—2006
   The time for filing exceptions has been expanded from ten to twenty days. The purpose of this amendment is to provide ample opportunity for litigants and counsel to receive notice of the entry of the order, to assure commonwealth-wide consistency in calculation of time for filing and to conform to applicable general civil procedural rules.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.12 adopted April 23, 1981, effective July 22, 1981, 11 Pa.B. 1625; amended October 19, 1983, effective January 1, 1984, 13 Pa.B. 3629; amended March 23, 1987, effective July 1, 1987, 17 Pa.B. 1499; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended September 29, 1989, effective October 15, 1989, 19 Pa.B. 4451; corrected October 27, 1989, effective October 15, 1989, 19 Pa.B. 4603; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1953; amended September 28, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4095; amended May 5, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 2532; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended August 8, 2006, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 4709; amended August 26, 2011, effective November 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 4847; amended December 23, 2011, effective January 31, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 379, 545; amended July 2, 2014, effective in 30 days on August 1, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 4476; amended March 4, 2015, effective in 30 days on April 3, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 1354; amended October 19, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 6764. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (395601) to (395602) and (390091).

Rule 1910.13. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.13 amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; rescinded March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1949. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (177461).

Rule 1910.13-1. Failure or Refusal to Appear Pursuant to Order of Court. Bench Warrant.
 (a)  If a party fails to appear at a conference and/or hearing as directed by order of court, the court may issue a bench warrant for the arrest of the party if it finds

   (1)  following a hearing on the record that the party had actual notice that the party was ordered to attend the conference and/or hearing, or

   (2)  upon the affidavit of a hearing officer or conference officer that

     (i)   the order of court scheduling the conference and/or hearing was served by ordinary mail with the return address of the domestic relations section appearing thereon, that the mail was not returned to the domestic relations section within fifteen days after mailing, and that, at a date after the order of court was mailed, the domestic relations section has verified through the U.S. Postal Service or by electronic means that mail for the party was being delivered at the address to which the court order was mailed; or

     (ii)   the party signed a receipt indicating acceptance of a copy of the court order; or

     (iii)   an employee of the court handed a copy of the order to the party; or

     (iv)   a competent adult handed a copy of the court order to the party, and filed an affidavit of service.

   Official Note

   See Rule 76 for the definition of ‘‘competent adult.’’

   The support statute, at 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4353(a), requires parties to a support proceeding to notify the domestic relations section within seven days of a change of personal address. Pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4353(a.1), the court may deem due process service requirements to have been met upon delivery of written notice to the most recent address the party filed with the domestic relations section.

 (b)  The request for a bench warrant shall be made by the domestic relations office within sixty days following the party’s failure to appear. The request shall be in the form provided by Rule 1910.13-2(b), and shall include the hearing officer or conference officer’s certification that the party has not appeared for any domestic relations matter involving the same parties since the date the party failed to appear.

 (c)  Upon appearance in court by a party on the matter underlying the bench warrant, the bench warrant shall be vacated forthwith and the notice shall be given to all computer networks into which the bench warrant has been entered.

 (d)  When a bench warrant is executed, the case is to proceed in accordance with the following procedures.

   (1)  When an individual is arrested pursuant to a bench warrant, he or she shall be taken without unnecessary delay for a hearing on the bench warrant. The hearing shall be conducted by the judicial officer who issued the bench warrant, or, another judicial officer designated by the president judge or by the president judge’s designee to conduct bench warrant hearings. As used in this rule, ‘‘judicial officer’’ is limited to the common pleas court judge who issued the bench warrant, or common pleas court judge designated by the president judge or by the president judge’s designee to conduct bench warrant hearings.

   (2)  In the discretion of the judicial officer, the bench warrant hearing may be conducted using two-way simultaneous audio-visual communication.

   (3)  When the individual is arrested in the county of issuance, and the bench warrant hearing cannot be conducted promptly after the arrest, the individual shall be lodged in the county jail pending the hearing. The authority in charge of the county jail promptly shall notify the sheriff’s office and the director of the domestic relations section that the individual is being held pursuant to the bench warrant.

   (4)  When the individual is arrested outside the county of issuance, the authority in charge of the county jail in the arresting county promptly shall notify the proper authorities in the county of issuance that the individual is being held pursuant to the bench warrant.

   (5)  The bench warrant hearing shall be conducted without unnecessary delay after the individual is lodged in the jail of the county of issuance of that bench warrant. The individual shall not be detained without a hearing on the bench warrant longer than 72 hours, or the close of the next business day if the 72 hours expires on a non-business day.

   (6)  At the conclusion of the bench warrant hearing following the disposition of the matter, the judicial officer immediately shall vacate the bench warrant.

   (7)  If a bench warrant hearing is not held within the time limits in paragraph (d)(5), the bench warrant shall expire by operation of law.

Explanatory Comment—1994
   In 1988, Section 4342 of the Domestic Relations Code, 23 Pa.C.S. §  4342, was amended to require establishment of procedures for expedited contempt in support. Those procedures are set forth in new Rules 1910.13-1, 1910.13-2, and 1910.21-1 through 1910.21-7.

   Former Rule 1910.13 provided for the issuance of a bench warrant for failure of a person to obey a court order other than an order for support. It is replaced with new Rule 1910.13-1 which sets forth detailed procedures for the issuance of a bench warrant, and new Rule 1910.13-2 which provides the associated forms. The new rules apply only to a party who fails to appear at a support conference or hearing as directed by an order of court.

   An individual arrested pursuant to a bench warrant can be incarcerated for a period not to exceed seventy-two hours prior to hearing as set forth in new Rule 1910.13-1(d). Under the old rules, if the court was unavailable at the time of arrest, the individual could not be held. Therefore, law enforcement officials were unable to execute bench warrants in the evenings or on weekends, when their efforts were most likely to be successful. By limiting the possible period of incarceration to seventy-two hours, new Rule 1910.13-1(d) balances the need to bring parties before the court with the desire to avoid lengthy pre-hearing detention. Bail can be set by the court where appropriate, providing additional protection for the respondent.

Explanatory Comment—1999
   The rules of civil procedure governing service of original process and other legal papers have used the term ‘‘competent adult.’’ In certain circumstances, the term has been used with the restrictive language ‘‘who is not a party to the action.’’

   The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has amended Definition Rule 76 by adding the following definition: ‘‘‘competent adult’ means an individual eighteen years of age or older who is neither a party to the action nor an employee or a relative of a party.’’ In view of this new definition, the rules of civil procedure which used the term ‘‘competent adult who is not a party to the action’’ have been amended by deleting as unnecessary the restrictive language ‘‘who is not a party to the action.’’ These rules using the term ‘‘competent adult’’ will be governed by the new definition. The rules which used the term ‘‘competent adult’’ without the restrictive language have been amended by deleting the word ‘‘competent,’’ thus continuing to permit service by an adult without further restriction.

Explanatory Comment—2006
   Beginning in 2006, bench warrants issued for failure to obey a court order to appear in a support matter will be available through the Judicial Network (‘‘JNET’’) system. JNET expands the capacity of law enforcement officers throughout the commonwealth to be informed of outstanding bench warrants issued by both the criminal and civil courts. The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has promulgated new Pa.R.Crim.P. 150, effective August 1, 2006, which sets forth the procedure related to criminal bench warrants. The amendments to Rules 1910.13-1 and 1910.13-2 track the new criminal procedural rule so that bench warrant procedures will be uniform throughout the commonwealth. For additional information see the Criminal Procedural Rules Committee’s Final Report explaining new Pa.R.Crim.P. 150, published with the promulgation order at 36 Pa.B. 184 (January 14, 2006).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.13-1 adopted March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1949; amended May 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2767; amended November 8, 2006, effective February 6, 2007, 36 Pa.B. 7110; amended July 30, 2010, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 4634. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (324680) to (324682)

Rule 1910.13-2. Form of Request for Bench Warrant and Supporting Affidavit. Form of Bench Warrant.
 (a)  Request for a bench warrant pursuant to Rule 1910.13-1 shall be in substantially the following form and shall be attached to the Bench Warrant form set forth in subdivision (b) of this rule:

 [CAPTION]

 REQUEST FOR BENCH WARRANT AND
SUPPORTING AFFIDAVIT

 1. 

did not appear for a conference and/or hearing in the Court of Common Pleas of
County on the
day of
, 20
, which was scheduled by an order of court compelling this person’s appearance, a copy of which is attached to this request.
 2. The party received the order of court scheduling the conference and/or hearing in the following manner:

  (a) The order of court (i) was served upon the party by ordinary mail with the return address of the court thereon; (ii) the mail was not returned to the court within fifteen (15) days after mailing; and (iii) at a date after the order of court was mailed, the United States Postal Service has verified that mail for the party was being delivered at the address to which the court order was mailed.

  (b) The party signed a receipt indicating acceptance of the court order.

  (c) An employee of the court handed a copy of the court order to the party. The employee’s affidavit of service is attached.

  (d) A competent adult handed a copy of the court order to the party. The adult’s affidavit of service is attached.

 3.  This request for Bench Warrant is made within sixty days following the party’s failure to appear for the conference and/or hearing; and

  I have reviewed the records of the Court and the Domestic Relations Office concerning this case, and attest that the party has not appeared for any domestic relations matter involving the same parties since the date upon which the party failed to appear in violation of the attached order of court.

 4. In my capacity as hearing officer or conference officer, I request that the attached Bench Warrant be issued against the party named on account of the party’s failure to appear for a scheduled conference and/or hearing in violation of an order of court.

 The records of the Domestic Relations Section show that:

  the party owes support arrearages in the amount of $

.
  the party has failed to appear for

hearings relating to this case.
 I verify that the statements made in this affidavit are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

 DATE:

  
NAME/OFFICIAL TITLE
 (b)  The Bench Warrant entered by a court pursuant to Rule 1910.13-1 shall be in substantially the following form, and shall be attached to the Request for Bench Warrant form set forth in subdivision (a) of this rule:

 [CAPTION]

 BENCH WARRANT

 AND NOW, this

day of
, 20
, the Sheriff of
County, or any constable, or police officer, or other law enforcement officer is hereby ordered to take
, residing at
, into custody for appearance before this Court.
 This bench warrant is issued because it appears that the (plaintiff) (defendant) has failed to appear, after notice, before the court for a scheduled conference and/or hearing.

 We command you, the arresting officer, forthwith to convey and deliver the party into the custody of the Court of Common Pleas of

County, at
,
, (address)(city) Pennsylvania, for a hearing.
 DESCRIPTIVE INFORMATION

 Social Security #

Sex
 D.O.B.

Age
Height
 Weight

Race
Eyes
 Hair

 Distinguishing features (scars, tattoos, facial hair, disability, etc.)

 Alias

 Telephone #

 You are further commanded that if the court is unavailable, the party may be held in the County Jail until the court is opened for business, at which time the party shall be promptly conveyed and delivered into the custody of the court at

,
, (address)…(city)     Pennsylvania, for hearing.
 The authority in charge of the county jail shall notify the sheriff’s office and the director of the domestic relations section forthwith that the party is being held pursuant to the bench warrant.

 Under no circumstances may the party be held in the county jail of the county that issued this bench warrant for more than 72 hours or the close of the next business day if the 72 hours expires on a non-business day. See Pa.R.Crim.P 150(A)(5).

 Bail in this matter shall be set as follows:

  No bail.

  Bail to be set in the amount of

.
   Official Note

   Standards for setting bail are set forth in Rule of Criminal Procedure 525.

 BY THE COURT:

JUDGE

Explanatory Comment—2005
   Act 207-2004 amended numerous titles of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes changing the title of ‘‘district justice’’ to ‘‘magisterial district judge.’’ The amendments to Rule 1910.13-2 reflect the change in title.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.13-2 adopted March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1949; amended May 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2767; amended October 30, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 6273; amended May 9, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 2994; amended November 6, 2006, effective February 6, 2007, 36 Pa.B. 7110. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (311801) to (311803).

Rule 1910.14. Defendant Leaving Jurisdiction. Security.
 At any stage of the proceeding, upon affidavit that the defendant is about to leave the jurisdiction, the court may issue appropriate process directing that the defendant be brought before the court at such time as the court may direct. At that time the court may direct that the defendant give security, with one or more sureties, to appear when directed by the court or to comply with any order of court.

Rule 1910.15. Paternity.
 (a)  Acknowledgment of Paternity. If the action seeks support for a child born out of wedlock and the alleged father is named as defendant, the defendant may acknowledge paternity in a verified writing. The conference officer shall advise the parties that pursuant to Section 5103(d) of Title 23 of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes an acknowledgment constitutes conclusive evidence of defendant’s paternity without further judicial ratification in any action to establish support. Upon defendant’s execution of the written acknowledgment, the action shall proceed as in other actions for support.

 (b) Genetic Testing. If the defendant appears but does not execute an acknowledgment of paternity at the conference:

   (1)  The court shall enter an order directing the parties to appear for genetic testing. The order must advise the defendant that his failure to appear for the testing will result in entry of an order finding that he is the father of the child. The order must also advise the plaintiff that her failure to appear for testing may result in sanctions, including entry of an order dismissing the paternity action without prejudice.

   (2)  The conference officer shall advise and provide written notice to the parties that they may enter into a written stipulation whereby both agree to submit to genetic testing for the purpose of resolving finally the issue of paternity. If the test results indicate a 99% or higher probability of paternity, the defendant shall be stipulated to be the biological father of the child and the case referred for a child support conference. If the test results indicate an exclusion, the action shall be dismissed. The written stipulation constitutes a waiver of the right to a hearing on the genetic testing or trial on the issue of paternity.

   (3)  The conference officer shall advise and provide written notice to the parties that if they do not enter into a written stipulation and the test results do not indicate an exclusion, there will be a hearing regarding genetic testing or trial before a judge without a jury on the issue of paternity in accordance with the procedures set forth in subdivision (d) of this Rule.

 (c)  Estoppel and Presumption of Paternity. If either party or the court raises the issue of estoppel or the issue of whether the presumption of paternity is applicable, the court shall dispose promptly of the issue and may stay the order for genetic testing until the issue is resolved.

 (d)  Post-Testing Procedures.

   (1)  The results of the genetic tests shall be provided in writing to counsel for the parties or, if unrepresented, to the parties themselves.

   (2)  If the results of the genetic tests resolve the issue of paternity pursuant to the stipulation of the parties, a paternity order shall be entered and served on the parties. If the defendant is excluded, the action shall be dismissed. If the defendant is stipulated to be the biological father, the action shall proceed as in other actions for support.

   (3)  If the results of the genetic tests do not resolve the issue of paternity pursuant to the stipulation of the parties, but the test results indicate a 99% or more probability of paternity, the court shall issue a rule against the defendant to show cause why an order should not be entered finding him to be the father. The rule shall advise the defendant that pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  4343 his defense is limited to a showing by clear and convincing evidence that the results of the genetic tests are not reliable. The rule shall direct that an answer be filed within 20 days after service of the rule on the defendant. The answer shall state the material facts which constitute this defense. Any allegation of fact which does not appear of record must be verified.

 If an answer is not timely filed, the court shall enter an order finding paternity and refer the action to conference and hearing as in other actions for support. If an answer is filed raising a disputed issue of material fact relating to the reliability of the genetic testing, the case shall be listed promptly for expedited hearing before a judge. The burden of proof at the hearing is on the defendant and is limited to proof by clear and convincing evidence that the results of the genetic tests are not reliable.

   (4)  If the results of the genetic tests do not resolve the issue of paternity and the test results indicate less than a 99% probability of paternity, the case shall be promptly listed for expedited trial before a judge.

   (5)  If, after a hearing or trial, the decision is for the defendant on the issue of paternity, a final order shall be entered by the court dismissing the action as to the child. If the decision is against the defendant on the issue of paternity, an interlocutory order shall be entered by the court finding paternity. The court may enter an interim order for child support at that time and shall refer the action to conference and hearing as in other actions for support.

 (e)  Failure to Appear. If defendant fails to appear as ordered for a conference, hearing or trial, or for genetic tests, the court shall, upon proof of service on the defendant, enter an order establishing paternity. The court may also enter an interim order for child support at that time and shall refer the action to conference and hearing as in other actions for support.

 (f)  Appeal of Paternity Order. An order establishing paternity is not an appealable order. The issue of paternity may be included in an appeal from the final order of child support.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.15 adopted April 23, 1981, effective July 22, 1981, 11 Pa.B. 1625; amended October 19, 1983, effective January 1, 1984, 13 Pa.B. 3629; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1941 and 1953; amended March 24, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1549; amended May 21, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (256279) to (256280).

Rule 1910.16. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.16 amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended September 29, 1989, effective October 1, 1989, 19 Pa.B. 4450; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1941; amended July 30, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 4960; rescinded December 28, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 170. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (394375) to (394376).

Rule 1910.16-1. Support Obligation. Support Guidelines.
 (a)  Applicability of the Support Guidelines.

   (1)  Except as provided in subdivision (a)(3), the support guidelines determine a spouse’s or parent’s support obligation based on the parties’ combined monthly net income, as defined in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2, and the number of persons being supported.

   (2)  If a person caring for or having custody of a minor child, who does not have a duty of support to the minor child, initiates a child support action as provided in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.3:

     (i)   the complaint shall name the parents as defendants;

     (ii)   in determining the basic child support obligation, the monthly net income for the individual initiating the action shall not be considered in the support calculation by the trier-of-fact;

     (iii)   the parents’ monthly net incomes shall be combined to determine the basic child support obligation, which shall be apportioned based on the parents’ respective monthly net incomes consistent with Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4. The parents shall pay the obligee their proportionate share of the basic child support obligation as a separate obligor; and

     (iv)   as with other support actions, the trier-of-fact may adjust or deviate the basic child support, spousal support, or alimony pendente lite obligation consistent with the support guidelines based on the evidence presented by the parties.

  Example 1. The parents have one child, who is in the custody of the maternal grandmother. Maternal grandmother initiates a support action against the parents. Mother’s monthly net income is $3,000 and Father’s monthly net income is $2,000 for a combined monthly net income of $5,000. For purposes of the child support calculation, maternal grandmother’s income is irrelevant and not part of the calculation. The basic child support obligation for one child at a combined monthly net income of $5,000 is $993 per month. Mother’s percentage share of the combined monthly net income is 60% ($3,000/$5,000) and Father’s percentage share of the combined monthly net income is 40% ($2,000/$5,000). Mother’s preliminary monthly share of the child support obligation is $596 ($993 x 60%) and Father’s preliminary monthly share of the child support obligation is $397 ($993 x 40%). Maternal grandmother is the obligee with Mother and Father as separate obligors owing $596 and $397, respectively, to the maternal grandmother.

   (3)  In an action in which the plaintiff is a public body or private agency pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.3, the basic child support obligation shall be calculated under the guidelines based upon the parent’s monthly net income with the public or private entity’s monthly net income as zero. In such cases, each parent shall be treated as a separate obligor, and the parent’s obligation will be based upon the parent’s monthly net income without regard to the other parent’s monthly net income.

     (i)   The basic child support obligation owed to a child not in placement shall be deducted from each parent’s monthly net income before calculating support for the child in placement, including the direct support the support guidelines assume the custodial parent will provide.

  

   Example 2. The parents have three children and do not live in the same household. Mother has primary custody of two children and monthly net income of $2,500 per month. Father’s monthly net income is $4,000. The parties’ third child is in foster care placement. Pursuant to the schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3, the basic child support obligation for the two children with Mother is $1,733. As Father’s income is 62% of the parties’ combined monthly net income, Father’s basic child support obligation to Mother is $1,074 per month. The guidelines assume that Mother will provide $659 per month in direct expenditures to the two children. The agency/obligee brings an action against each parent for the support of the child in placement. Father/obligor’s monthly net income will be $2,926 for purposes of this calculation ($4,000 less $1,074 in support for the children with Mother). As the agency/obligee’s income is zero, Father’s support for the child in placement will be 100% of the basic child support obligation for one child at the $2,926 income level, or $674 per month. Mother/obligor’s net income will be $1,841 for purposes of this calculation ($2,500 less $659 in direct support to the children in Mother’s custody). Mother’s support obligation will be 100% of the basic child support obligation for one child at that income level, or $423 per month.

  

   Example 3. The parents have two children in placement. Father owes child support of $500 per month for two children of a former marriage. At the same income levels as in Example 2, Father’s monthly net income for determining his obligation to the children in placement would be $3,500 ($4,000 less $500 support for two children of prior marriage). Father’s obligation to the agency would be $1,205 per month (100% of the basic child support obligation for two children at the $3,500 per month income level). Mother’s monthly net income would not be diminished as she owes no other child support. Mother would owe $877 for the children in placement (100% of the basic child support obligation for two children at the $2,500 income level).

     (ii)   If the parents reside in the same household, each parent’s respective basic child support obligation to a child that remains in the household and is not in placement shall be calculated according to the guidelines, with the parent having the higher income as the obligor, and the calculated basic child support obligation shall be deducted from the parents’ monthly net incomes for purposes of calculating support for a child in placement.

  

   Example 4. The parents have four children, two of whom are in placement. Mother’s monthly net income is $4,000 and Father’s is $3,000. The basic child support obligation for the two children in the home is $1,841, according to the schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3. As Mother’s monthly net income is 57% of the parties’ combined monthly net income, her share would be $1,049, and Father’s 43% share would be $792. Mother’s monthly net income for purposes of calculating support for the two children in placement would be $2,951 ($4,000 less $1,049). She would pay 100% of the basic child support obligation at that income level, or $1,026, for the children in placement. Father’s monthly net income would be $2,208 ($3,000 less $792), and his obligation to the children in placement would be $772.

     (iii)   If the basic child support obligation exceeds the placement’s cost, the trier-of-fact shall:

       (A)   deviate the basic child support obligation downward; and

       (B)   apply the parent’s percentage of the combined monthly net income to the reduced basic child support obligation.

   (4)  The support of a spouse or child is a priority obligation so that a party is expected to meet this obligation by adjusting the party’s other expenditures.

 (b)  Support Obligation. The support obligation (child support, spousal support, or alimony pendente lite) awarded pursuant to the Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1910.11 and 1910.12 procedures shall be determined in accordance with the support guidelines, which consist of the guidelines expressed as the basic child support schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3, the Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4 formulas, and the operation of the support guidelines as set forth in these rules.

 (c)  Spousal Support and Alimony Pendente Lite.

   (1)  Spousal support and alimony pendente lite orders shall not be in effect simultaneously.

   (2)  In determining a spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation’s duration, the trier-of-fact shall consider the marriage’s duration, i.e., the date of marriage to the date of final separation.

 (d)  Rebuttable Presumption. If the trier-of-fact determines that a party has a duty to pay support, there is a rebuttable presumption that the guideline-calculated support obligation is the correct support obligation.

   (1)  The presumption is rebutted if the trier-of-fact concludes in a written finding or states on the record that the guideline support obligation is unjust or inappropriate.

   (2)  The trier-of-fact shall consider the child’s and parties’ special needs and obligations, and apply the Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-5 deviation factors, as appropriate.

 (e) Support Guidelines Review. The support guidelines shall be reviewed at least every four years to ensure that their application determines the appropriate support obligation.

Explanatory Comment—2010
   Introduction. Pennsylvania law requires that child and spousal support be awarded pursuant to a statewide guideline. 23 Pa.C.S. §  4322(a). That statute further provides that the guideline shall be ‘‘established by general rule by the Supreme Court, so that persons similarly situated shall be treated similarly.’’ Id.

   Pursuant to federal law, The Family Support Act of 1988 (P. L. 100-485, 102 Stat. 2343 (1988), all states are required to have statewide child support guidelines. Federal regulations, 45 CFR 302.56, further require that the guidelines be reviewed at least once every four years and that such reviews include an assessment of the most recent economic data on child-rearing costs and a review of data from case files to assure that deviations from the guidelines are limited. The Pennsylvania statute also requires a review of the support guidelines every four years. 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4322(a).

   The Domestic Relations Procedural Rules Committee of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania began the mandated review process in early 2007. The committee was assisted in its work by Jane Venohr, Ph.D., an economist with the Center for Policy Research, under contract between the Pennsylvania Department of Public Welfare and Policy Studies, Inc. As a result of the review, the committee recommended to the Supreme Court several amendments to the statewide guidelines.

   A. Income Shares Model. Pennsylvania’s child support guidelines are based upon the Income Shares Model. That model was developed under the Child Support Guidelines Project funded by the U.S. Office of Child Support Enforcement and administered by the National Center for State Courts. The Guidelines Project Advisory Group recommended the Income Shares Model for state guidelines. At present, 37 states use the Income Shares Model as a basis for their child support guidelines.

   The Income Shares Model is based upon the concept that the child of separated, divorced or never-married parents should receive the same proportion of parental income that she or he would have received if the parents lived together. A number of authoritative economic studies provide estimates of the average amount of household expenditures for children in intact households. These studies show that the proportion of household spending devoted to children is directly related to the level of household income and to the number of the children. The basic support amounts reflected in the schedule in Rule 1910.16-3 represent average marginal expenditures on children for food, housing, transportation, clothing and other miscellaneous items that are needed by children and provided by their parents, including the first $250 of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred annually per child.

   1. Economic Measures. The support schedule in Rule 1910.16-3 is based upon child-rearing expenditures measured by David M. Betson, Ph.D., Professor of Economics, University of Notre Dame. Dr. Betson’s measurements were developed for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services for the explicit purpose of assisting states with the development and revision of child support guidelines. Dr. Betson’s research also was used in developing the prior schedule, effective in January 2006. Dr. Betson updates his estimates using data from the Consumer Expenditure Survey conducted by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. In the current schedule, those figures were converted to 2008 price levels using the Consumer Price Index.

   2. Source of Data. The estimates used to develop the schedule are based upon national data. The specific sources of the data are the periodic Consumer Expenditure Surveys. Those national surveys are used because they are the most detailed available source of data on household expenditures. The depth and quality of this information is simply not available at the state level and would be prohibitively costly to gather.

   The U. S. Department of Agriculture’s Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion (‘‘CNPP’’) also develops economic estimates for the major categories of child-rearing expenditures. Although the committee reviewed these estimates, it is aware of only one state that relies upon the CNPP estimates as a basis for its child support schedule, and even that state makes certain adjustments.

   B. Statutory Considerations. The Pennsylvania statute, 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  4322(a), provides:

   

  Child and spousal support shall be awarded pursuant to a Statewide guideline as established by general rule by the Supreme Court, so that persons similarly situated shall be treated similarly. The guideline shall be based upon the reasonable needs of the child or spouse seeking support and the ability of the obligor to provide support. In determining the reasonable needs of the child or spouse seeking support and the ability of the obligor to provide support, the guideline shall place primary emphasis on the net incomes and earning capacities of the parties, with allowable deviations for unusual needs, extraordinary expenses and other factors, such as the parties’ assets, as warrant special attention. The guideline so developed shall be reviewed at least once every four years.

   1. Reasonable Needs and Reasonable Ability to Provide Support. The guidelines make financial support of a child a primary obligation and assume that parties with similar net incomes will have similar reasonable and necessary expenses. After the basic needs of the parents have been met, the child’s needs shall receive priority. The guidelines assume that if the obligor’s net income is at the poverty level, he or she is barely able to provide for his or her own basic needs. In those cases, therefore, the entry of a minimal order may be appropriate after considering the party’s living expenses. In some cases, it may not be appropriate to enter a support order at all. In most cases, however, a party’s living expenses are not relevant in determining his or her support obligation. Rather, as the statute requires, the obligation is based upon the reasonable needs of a dependent spouse or child and the reasonable ability of the obligor to pay.

   2. Net Income. The guidelines use the net incomes of the parties. Each parent is required to contribute a share of the child’s reasonable needs in proportion to that parent’s share of the combined net income. The custodial parent makes these contributions through direct expenditures for food, shelter, clothing, transportation and other reasonable needs. The non-custodial parent makes contributions through periodic support payments to the custodial parent. Rule 1910.16-2(d) has been amended to clarify the provisions relating to income and earning capacity.

   3. Allowable Deviations. The guidelines are designed to treat similarly situated parents, spouses and children in the same manner. However, when there are unavoidable differences, deviations must be made from the guidelines. Failure to deviate from these guidelines by considering a party’s actual expenditures where there are special needs and special circumstances constitutes a misapplication of the guidelines.

   C. Child Support Schedule. The child support schedule in Rule 1910.16-3 has been amended to reflect updated economic data, as required by federal and state law, to ensure that children continue to receive adequate levels of support. The support amounts in the schedule have been expanded to apply to a combined net monthly income of $30,000 and remain statistically valid. The economic data support the revised schedule.

   D. Self-Support Reserve (‘‘SSR’’). The amended schedule also incorporates an increase in the ‘‘Self-Support Reserve’’ or ‘‘SSR’’ from $748 per month to $867 per month, the 2008 federal poverty level for one person. Formerly designated as the ‘‘Computed Allowance Minimum’’ or ‘‘CAM,’’ the Self-Support Reserve, as it is termed in most other states’ guidelines, is intended to assure that low-income obligors retain sufficient income to meet their own basic needs, as well as to maintain the incentive to continue employment. The SSR is built into the schedule in Rule 1910.16-3 and adjusts the basic support obligation to prevent the obligor’s net income from falling below $867 per month. Because the schedule in Rule 1910.16-3 applies to child support only, Rule 1910.16-2(e)(1)(B) provides for a similar adjustment in spousal support and alimony pendente lite cases to assure that the obligor retains a minimum of $867 per month.

   E. Shared Custody. In creating the new schedule, the amounts of basic child support were first increased to reflect updated economic data, including 2008 price levels. Next, the amounts of basic child support were adjusted to incorporate into the schedule the assumption that the children spend 30% of the time with the obligor and that the obligor makes direct expenditures on their behalf during that time. That does not mean that the entire schedule was reduced by 30%. Only those variable expenditures, such as food and entertainment, that fluctuate based upon parenting time were adjusted.

   The calculation in Rule 1910.16-4(c) reduces an obligor’s support obligation further if the obligor spends significantly more time with the children. The revised schedule assumes that the obligor has 30% parenting time. The obligor will receive an additional 10% reduction in the amount of support owed at 40% parenting time, increasing incrementally to a 20% reduction at 50% parenting time. This method may still result in a support obligation even if custody of the children is equally shared. In those cases, the rule provides for a maximum obligation which may reduce the obligation so that the obligee does not receive a larger portion of the parties’ combined income than the obligor.

   F. Child Care Expenses. Rule 1910.16-6(a) was amended in 2006 to provide that child care expenses incurred by both parties shall be apportioned between the parties in recognition of the fact that a non-custodial parent also may incur such expenses during his or her custodial periods with the children.

   G. Spousal Support and Alimony Pendente Lite. Subdivision (c) has been amended to require the court to consider the duration of the marriage in determining the duration of a spousal support or alimony pendente lite award. The language was moved from Rule 1910.16-5 which deals with deviation. The primary purpose of this provision is to prevent the unfairness that arises in a short-term marriage when the obligor is required to pay support over a substantially longer period of time than the parties were married and there is little or no opportunity for credit for these payments at the time of equitable distribution.

   H. Other Amendments. All of the examples in the guidelines have been updated to reflect the changes to the basic child support schedule. Prior explanatory comments have been deleted or revised and incorporated into new comments.

Explanatory Comment—2013
   The schedule of basic child support has been updated to reflect newer economic data. The schedule was prepared by Jane Venohr, Ph.D., the economist who assisted in the last guideline review using the same methodology. It includes an increase in the Self-Support Reserve to $931 per month, the 2012 federal poverty level for one person.

Explanatory Comment—2017
   Pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.3(a), a person having custody of a child or caring for a child may initiate a support action against the child’s parent(s). Previously, this rule only addressed when a public body or private agency had custody of a child but was silent with regard to an individual third party, e.g., grandparent, seeking support. The rule has been amended by adding a new subdivision (a)(2) and renumbering the previous (a)(2) to (a)(3). In addition, an example illustrating the new (a)(2) calculation has been included.

   Subdivision (a)(2) excludes the income of the third party/obligee, as that person does not have a duty of support to the child; instead, the rule uses the combined monthly net income of the parents to determine the basic child support amount, which is then apportioned between the parents consistent with their respective percentage of the combined monthly net income in the same manner as a parent vs. parent support action. However, under this rule, each parent would be a separate obligor, would pay the obligee their proportionate share under a separate support order, and would be subject to separate enforcement proceedings. Under (a)(2), the exclusion of the third party’s income is consistent with Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(b)(2)(ii) as that rule relates to an action for support by a third party against a surviving parent in which the child receives a Social Security derivative benefit due to the death of the other parent.

   In accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6(c), payment of the first $250 of unreimbursed medical expenses per year per child is applicable to third party/obligees in support actions governed by (a)(2). The first $250 of unreimbursed medical expenses is built into the Basic Child Support Schedule.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.16-1 adopted September 6, 1989, effective September 30, 1989, 19 Pa.B. 4151; amended January 27, 1993, effective immediately, 23 Pa.B. 701; amended December 7, 1998, effective April 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 6162; amended October 27, 2000; effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 5837; amended August 20, 2003, effective immediately, 33 Pa.B. 4435; amended September 27, 2005, effective 4 months from date of this order, 35 Pa.B. 5643; amended January 12, 2010, effective May 12, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 586; amended April 9, 2013, effective August 9, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 2272; amended February 10, 2017, effective May 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 1123; amended August 3, 2017, effective October 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 4813; amended December 28, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 170; amended August 17, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 5539. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (395604) to (395610).

Rule 1910.16-2. Support Guidelines. Calculation of Monthly Net Income.
 Generally, the basic child support, spousal support, or alimony pendente lite obligation is based on the parties’ monthly net incomes.

 (a)  Monthly Gross Income. Monthly gross income is ordinarily based on at least a six-month average of a party’s income. The support law, 23 Pa.C.S. §  4302, defines the term ‘‘income’’ and includes income from any source. The statute lists many types of income including, but not limited to:

   (1)  wages, salaries, bonuses, fees, and commissions;

   (2)  net income from business or dealings in property;

   (3)  interest, rents, royalties, and dividends;

   (4)  pensions and all forms of retirement;

   (5)  income from an interest in an estate or trust;

   (6)  Social Security disability benefits, Social Security retirement benefits, temporary and permanent disability benefits, workers’ compensation, and unemployment compensation;

   (7)  alimony if, in the trier-of-fact’s discretion, inclusion of part or all of it is appropriate; and

 

   (8)  other entitlements to money or lump sum awards, without regard to source, including:

     (i)   lottery winnings;

     (ii)   income tax refunds;

     (iii)   insurance compensation or settlements;

     (iv)   awards and verdicts; and

     (v)   payments due to and collectible by an individual regardless of source.

 

 (b)  Treatment of Public Assistance, SSI Benefits, Social Security Payments to a Child Due to a Parent’s Death, Disability or Retirement, and Foster Care Payments.

   (1)  Public Assistance and SSI Benefits. Neither public assistance nor Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefits shall be included as income for determining support.

   (2)  Child’s Social Security Derivative Benefits.

     (i)   If a child is receiving Social Security derivative benefits due to a parent’s retirement or disability:

       (A)   The trier-of-fact shall determine the basic child support obligation as follows:

         (I)   add the child’s benefit to the monthly net income of the party who receives the child’s benefit;

         (II)   calculate the parties’ combined monthly net income, including the child’s benefit;

         (III)   determine the basic child support obligation set forth in the Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-3 schedule; and

         (IV)   apportion the basic child support obligation between the parties based on the party’s percentage of the combined monthly net income.

       (B)   If the obligee receives the child’s benefit, the trier-of-fact shall deduct the child’s benefit from the basic child support obligation of the party whose retirement or disability created the child’s benefit.

       (C)   If the obligor receives the child’s benefit, the trier-of-fact shall not deduct the child’s benefit from the obligor’s basic child support obligation, even if the obligor’s retirement or disability created the child’s benefit. To illustrate for the parties the impact of the obligor receiving the benefit instead of the obligee, the trier-of-fact shall provide the parties with two calculations theoretically assigning the benefit to each household.

       (D)   The trier-of-fact shall allocate the expenses in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-6(a)—(e) based on the parties’ monthly net incomes without considering the child’s benefit.

       (E)   In equally shared custody cases, the party with the higher monthly net income, excluding the child’s benefit, is the obligor.

     (ii)   If a child is receiving Social Security derivative benefits due to a parent’s death, the trier-of-fact shall determine the surviving parent’s basic child support obligation as follows:

       (A)   The non-parent obligee’s monthly net income shall include only those funds the obligee is receiving on the child’s behalf, including the Social Security derivative benefit.

       (B)   If the surviving-parent obligor receives the Social Security derivative benefit, the benefit shall be added to the parent’s monthly net income to calculate child support.

   (3)  Foster Care Payments. If a party to a support action is a foster parent or is receiving payments from a public or private agency for the care of a child who is not the party’s biological or adoptive child, the trier-of-fact shall not include those payments in the party’s monthly net income for purposes of calculating child support for the foster parent’s or other caretaker’s biological or adoptive child.

 

 (c)  Monthly Net Income.

   (1)  Unless these rules provide otherwise, the trier-of-fact shall deduct only the following items from monthly gross income to arrive at monthly net income:

     (i)   federal, state, and local income taxes;

     (ii)   unemployment compensation taxes and Local Services Taxes (LST);

     (iii)   F.I.C.A. payments (Social Security, Medicare and Self-Employment taxes) and non-voluntary retirement payments;

     (iv)   mandatory union dues; and

     (v)   alimony paid to the other party.

   (2)  In computing a spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation, the trier-of-fact shall:

     (i)   deduct from the obligor’s monthly net income child support, spousal support, alimony pendente lite, or alimony amounts paid to children and former spouses, who are not part of this action; and

     (ii)   include in a party’s monthly net income alimony pendente lite or alimony received from a former spouse that was not included in the party’s gross income, as provided in subdivision (a).

 

 (d)  Reduced Income or Fluctuating Earnings.

   (1)  Voluntary Income Reduction—Existing Orders. The trier-of-fact shall not downwardly adjust a party’s net income from an existing order if the trier-of-fact finds that:

     (i)   the party’s income reduction resulted from the party willfully attempting to favorably affect the party’s basic support obligation; or

     (ii)   the party voluntarily assumed a lower paying job, quit a job, left employment, changed occupations, changed employment status to pursue an education, or employment is terminated due to willful misconduct.

   (2)  Involuntary Income Reduction. Incarceration. Earnings Fluctuations—Existing Orders.

     (i)   Involuntary Income Reduction. The trier-of-fact shall adjust a party’s monthly net income from an existing order for substantial continuing involuntary decreases in income due to an employment situation over which the party has no control, including, but not limited to, illness, lay-off, termination, or job elimination.

     (ii)   Incarceration.

       (A)   Except as set forth in subdivision (d)(2)(ii)(B), the trier-of-fact shall:

         (I)   consider an incarcerated party’s income reduction as an involuntary income reduction as set forth in subdivision (d)(2)(i); and

         (II)   adjust the incarcerated party’s monthly net income accordingly.

       (B)   Exception.

         (I)   A party’s incarceration shall not constitute an involuntary income reduction when the incarceration is due to support enforcement purposes or a criminal offense in which the party’s dependent child or the obligee was the victim; and

         (II)   The trier-of-fact makes a written finding that downwardly adjusting the incarcerated party’s monthly net income would be unjust or inappropriate and, in a child support action, takes into consideration the child’s best interest.

     (iii)   Earnings Fluctuations. The trier-of-fact shall not adjust a party’s monthly net income from an existing order due to normal or temporary earnings fluctuations.

   (3)  Seasonal Employees. Generally, the trier-of-fact shall base a seasonal employee’s monthly net income on a yearly average.

   (4)  Earning Capacity—Initial Orders.

     (i)   When calculating an initial order, if a party willfully fails to obtain or maintain appropriate employment, the trier-of-fact may impute to the party an income equal to the party’s earning capacity.

       (A)   Earning Capacity Limitation. The trier-of-fact:

         (I)   shall not impute to the party an earning capacity that exceeds the amount the party could earn from one full-time position; and

         (II)   shall determine a reasonable work regimen based upon the party’s relevant circumstances, including the jobs available within a particular occupation, working hours and conditions, and whether a party has exerted substantial good faith efforts to find employment.

       (B)   The trier-of-fact shall base the party’s earning capacity on the subdivision (d)(4)(ii) factors.

       (C)   After assessing a party’s earning capacity, the trier-of-fact shall state the reasons for the assessment in writing or on the record.

       (D)   When the trier-of-fact imputes an earning capacity to a party who would incur childcare expenses if the party were employed, the trierof-fact shall consider reasonable childcare responsibilities and expenses for the purpose of discretionary allocation pursuant to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-6(a)(1)(ii).

     (ii)   Factors. In determining a party’s earning capacity, the trier-of-fact shall consider the party’s:

       (A)   child care responsibilities and expenses;

       (B)   assets;

       (C)   residence;

       (D)   employment and earnings history;

       (E)   job skills;

       (F)   educational attainment;

       (G)   literacy;

       (H)   age;

       (I)   health;

       (J)   criminal record and other employment barriers;

       (K)   record of seeking work;

       (L)   local job market, including the availability of employers who are willing to hire the party;

       (M)   local community prevailing earnings level; and

       (N)   other relevant factors.

 

 (e)  Net Income Affecting Application of the Support Guidelines.

   (1)  Low-Income Cases.

     (i)   Self-Support Reserve (SSR).

       (A)   The SSR is the minimum monthly net income reserved to the obligor to meet the obligor’s basic needs.

       (B)   The SSR amount is $1,063 per month.

     (ii)   Action for Child Support Only. When the obligor’s monthly net income and the number of children in the action intersect in the Basic Child Support Schedule’s shaded area as set forth in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-3, the trier-of-fact shall determine the obligor’s basic child support obligation utilizing the lesser of the two calculated amounts from the following methodologies.

       (A)   The initial calculation is determined by using the obligor’s monthly net income only, the schedule set forth in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-3, and the number of children.

       (B)   The second calculation is determined by using the parties’ combined monthly net income and the basic child support formula in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-4(a).

       (C)   If the obligor’s monthly net income is at or below the SSR, the trier-of-fact may award support only after consideration of the parties’ actual financial resources and living expenses.

 

     (iii)   Action for Spousal Support/Alimony Pendente Lite Only.

       (A)   After calculating the spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation as provided in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-4, the spousal support obligation shall not reduce the obligor’s monthly net income below the SSR.

       (B)   If the obligor’s monthly net income after subtracting the spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation is less than the SSR, the trier-of-fact shall adjust the spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation downward by an amount sufficient for the obligor to retain the SSR amount.

 

     (iv)   Action with Child Support and Spousal Support or Alimony Pendente Lite.

       (A)   The trier-of-fact shall calculate the spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation as provided in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-4.

       (B)   The trier-of-fact shall subtract the calculated spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation from the obligor’s monthly net income to determine the obligor’s adjusted monthly net income.

       (C)   When the obligor’s adjusted monthly net income and the number of children in the action intersect in the Basic Child Support Schedule’s shaded area as set forth in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-3, the trier-of-fact:

         (I)   shall not award spousal support or alimony pendente lite; and

         (II)   shall calculate child support as provided in subdivision (e)(1)(ii).

 

       (D)   When the obligor’s monthly net income and the number of children in the action do not intersect in the Basic Child Support Schedule’s shaded area as set forth in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-3, the trier-of-fact shall calculate child support consistent with Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-4.

         (I)   The combined spousal support or alimony pendente lite and basic child support obligations shall not reduce the obligor’s remaining monthly net income below the SSR.

         (II)   If the obligor’s monthly net income after subtracting the spousal support or alimony pendente lite and basic child support obligations is less than the SSR, the trier-of-fact shall adjust the support obligation downward by an amount sufficient for the obligor to retain the SSR amount.

   (2)  High-Income Cases. If the parties’ combined monthly net income exceeds $30,000, the trier-of-fact shall calculate child support, spousal support, or alimony pendente lite pursuant to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-3.1.

 

 (f)  Child Tax Credit. In order to maximize the total income available to the parties and children, the trier-of-fact may award, as appropriate, the federal child tax credit to the non-custodial parent, or to either parent in cases of equally shared custody, and require the other party to execute the waiver required by the Internal Revenue Code, 26 U.S.C. §  152(e). The trier-of-fact shall consider the tax consequences associated with the federal child tax credit in calculating the party’s monthly net income available for support.

Comment:
   Concerning subdivision (a)(7), in determining the appropriateness of including alimony in gross income, the trier-of-fact shall consider whether the party receiving the alimony must include the amount received as gross income when filing federal income taxes. If the alimony is not includable in the party’s gross income for federal income tax purposes, the trier-of-fact may include in the party’s monthly net income the alimony received, as appropriate. See Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-2(c)(2)(ii).

   Since the reasons for ordering payment of alimony vary, the appropriateness of including it in the recipient’s gross income must also vary. For example, if the obligor is paying $1,000 per month in alimony for the express purpose of financing the obligee’s college education, it would be inappropriate to consider that alimony as income from which the obligee could provide child support. However, if alimony is intended to finance the obligee’s general living expenses, inclusion of the alimony as income is appropriate.

   Concerning subdivision (a)(8), the trier-of-fact determines the most appropriate method for imputing lump-sum awards as income for purposes of establishing or modifying the party’s support obligation. These awards may be annualized or averaged over a shorter or longer period depending on the case’s circumstances. The trier-of-fact may require all or part of the lump sum award escrowed to secure the support obligation during that period.

   The trier-of-fact shall not include income tax refunds in a party’s income, if the trier-of-fact factored in the tax refund when calculating the party’s actual tax obligation and monthly net income.

   Concerning subdivision (b), care must be taken to distinguish Social Security from Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefits. Social Security benefits are income pursuant to subdivision (a).

   Subdivision (b) Example 1. The obligor has monthly net income of $2,000. The obligee’s monthly net income is $1,500 and the obligee, as primary custodial parent of the parties’ two children, receives $700 per month in Social Security derivative benefits on behalf of the children as a result of the obligor’s disability. Add the children’s benefit to the obligee’s income, which now is $2,200 per month. At the parties’ combined monthly net income of $4,200, the basic child support obligation for two children is $1,372. As the obligor’s income is 48% of the parties’ combined monthly net income, the obligor’s preliminary share of the basic child support obligation is $659. However, because the obligor’s disability created the children’s Social Security derivative benefits that the obligee is receiving, the obligor’s obligation is reduced by the amount of the benefit, $700. As the support obligation cannot be less than zero, the obligor’s basic child support obligation is $0 per month. If it were the obligee’s disability that created the benefit, the obligor’s basic child support obligation would remain $659. If the obligor were receiving the children’s benefit as a result of the obligor’s retirement or disability, the obligor’s monthly net income would include the amount of the benefit and total $2,700, or 64% of the parties’ combined monthly net income. The obligor’s share of the basic child support obligation would then be $878 and would not be reduced by the amount of the children’s benefit because the obligor, not the obligee, is receiving the benefit. Therefore, the obligor’s basic child support obligation is less if the obligee is receiving the benefit created by the obligor.

   Subdivision (b) Example 2. Two children live with Grandmother who receives $800 per month in Social Security death benefits for the children as a result of Father’s death. Grandmother also receives $500 per month from a trust established by Father for the benefit of the children. Grandmother is employed and earns $2,000 net per month. Grandmother seeks support from the children’s mother, who earns $2,000 net per month. For purposes of calculating Mother’s basic child support obligation, Grandmother’s income will be $1,300, the amount she receives on the children’s behalf in Social Security derivative benefits and the trust income. (If Mother were receiving the benefit on the children’s behalf, the benefit would be added to Mother’s monthly net income and would be $2,800. Grandmother’s monthly net income would be $500.) Therefore, Mother’s and Grandmother’s combined monthly net income totals $3,300. The basic child support obligation at the $3,300 monthly net income level for two children is $1,137. As Mother’s monthly net income of $2,000 is 61% of the parties’ combined monthly net income of $3,300, Mother’s basic child support obligation is $694. Since Mother’s retirement or disability did not generate the child’s derivative benefit, the benefit amount is not subtracted from Mother’s basic child support obligation, and Mother owes Grandmother $694. If Grandmother was not receiving the children’s derivative benefits or trust income, Grandmother’s monthly net income for purposes of calculating Mother’s basic child support obligation would be zero, and Mother would pay 100% of the basic child support obligation because Grandmother has no duty to support the children.

   Concerning subdivision (c)(1)(v), because the reasons for ordering payment of alimony vary, the appropriateness of including it in the recipient’s monthly net income must also vary. For example, if the obligor is paying $1,000 per month in alimony for the express purpose of financing the obligee’s college education, it would be inappropriate to consider that alimony as income from which the obligee could provide child support. However, if alimony is intended to finance the obligee’s general living expenses, inclusion of the alimony as income is appropriate.

   The consideration of child care expenses if the party were employed in subdivision (d)(4)(i)(D) is not for purposes of reducing imputed income when calculating the party’s basic child support obligation. The child care expenses that would be payable if a party were employed are subject to discretionary allocation pursuant to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-6(a)(1)(ii).

   Concerning subdivision (d)(4)(ii), see 45 C.F.R. §  302.56(c)(1)(iii) regarding earning capacity factors.

   Subdivision (e)(1)(ii) Example: The parties have two children. The obligee has monthly net income of $2,500. The obligor has monthly net income of $1,500, which falls into the shaded area of the schedule for two children. The initial calculation is made using only the obligor’s monthly net income. The basic child support obligation for two children would be $397. The second calculation uses the parties’ combined monthly net income. The parties’ combined monthly net income is $4,000. The basic child support obligation for two children is $1,340. The obligor’s proportionate share of the parties’ combined monthly net income is 38% with a basic child support obligation of $509. The obligor’s basic child support obligation using only the obligor’s monthly net income is less than the calculated amount using the parties’ combined monthly net income. As a result, the trier-of-fact should award the lesser amount, and the obligor’s basic child support obligation is $397.

   Subdivision (e)(1)(iii) Example: The obligor has $1,200 monthly net income, and the obligee has $300 monthly net income. The formula in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-4(a)(1)(Part B) would result in a monthly spousal support obligation of $276 (($1,200 x 33% = $396) minus ($300 x 40% = $120) for a total of $276)). Since this amount leaves the obligor with only $924 per month, the trier-of-fact should adjust the support obligation so the obligor retains at least $1,063 per month. Therefore, the spousal support obligation is $137 per month ($1,200 - $1,063).

   Subdivision (e)(1)(iv) Example: Obligor and obligee have monthly net incomes of $2,000 and $165, respectively, and have two children. Calculating spousal support under subdivision (e)(1)(iv)(A) results in a spousal support obligation of $450 ($2,000 x 25% minus $165 x 30%). Obligor’s adjusted monthly net income ($2,000 minus $450) is $1,550. Obligor’s adjusted monthly net income of $1,550 with two children is in the shaded area of the Basic Child Support Schedule, and as a result, the trier-of-fact shall not award spousal support. Instead, the trier-of-fact should award child support only as provided in subdivision (e)(1)(ii).

   Concerning subdivision (e)(2), see Hanrahan v. Bakker, 186 A.3d 958 (Pa. 2018).

Historical Commentary
   The following commentary is historical in nature and represents statements of the Committee at the time of rulemaking:

Explanatory Comment—2010
   Subdivision (a) addresses gross income for purposes of calculating the support obligation by reference to the statutory definition at 23 Pa.C.S. §  4322. Subdivision (b) provides for the treatment of public assistance, SSI benefits, Social Security derivative benefits, and foster care payments.

   Subdivision (c) sets forth the exclusive list of the deductions that may be taken from gross income in arriving at a party’s net income. When the cost of health insurance premiums is treated as an additional expense subject to allocation between the parties under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6, it is not deductible from gross income. However, part or all of the cost of health insurance premiums may be deducted from the obligor’s gross income pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6(b) in cases in which the obligor is paying the premiums and the obligee has no income or minimal income. Subdivision (c) relates to spousal support or alimony pendente lite awards when there are multiple families. In these cases, a party’s monthly net income must be reduced to account for his or her child support obligations, as well as any pre-existing spousal support, alimony pendente lite or alimony obligations being paid to former spouses who are not the subject of the support action.

   Subdivision (d) has been amended to clarify the distinction between voluntary and involuntary changes in income and the imputing of earning capacity. Statutory provisions at 23 Pa.C.S. §  4322, as well as case law, are clear that a support obligation is based upon the ability of a party to pay, and that the concept of an earning capacity is intended to reflect a realistic, rather than a theoretical, ability to pay support. Amendments to subdivision (d) are intended to clarify when imposition of an earning capacity is appropriate.

   Subdivision (e) has been amended to reflect the updated schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 and the increase in the Self-Support Reserve (‘‘SSR’’). The schedule now applies to all cases in which the parties’ combined monthly net income is $30,000 or less. The upper income limit of the prior schedule was only $20,000. The support amount at each income level of the schedule also has changed, so the examples in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2 were revised to be consistent with the new support amounts.

   The SSR is intended to assure that obligors with low incomes retain sufficient income to meet their basic needs and to maintain the incentive to continue employment. When the obligor’s monthly net income or earning capacity falls into the shaded area of the schedule, the basic child support obligation can be derived directly from the schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3. There is no need to use the formula in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4 to calculate the obligor’s support obligation because the SSR keeps the amount of the obligation the same regardless of the obligee’s income. The obligee’s income may be a relevant factor, however, in determining whether to deviate from the basic guideline obligation pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-5 and in considering whether to require the obligor to contribute to any additional expenses under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6.

   Since the schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 sets forth basic child support only, subdivision (e)(1)(ii) is necessary to reflect the operation of the SSR in spousal support and alimony pendente lite cases. It adjusts the basic guideline obligation, which would otherwise be calculated under the formula in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4, so that the obligor’s income does not fall below the SSR amount in these cases.

   Previously, the SSR required that the obligor retain at least $748 per month. The SSR now requires that the obligor retain income of at least $867 per month, an amount equal to the 2008 federal poverty level for one person. When the obligor’s monthly net income is less than $867, subdivision (e)(1)(iii) provides that the trier-of-fact must consider the parties’ actual living expenses before awarding support. The guidelines assume that at this income level the obligor is barely able to meet basic personal needs. In these cases, therefore, entry of a minimal order may be appropriate. In some cases, it may not be appropriate to order support at all.

   The schedule at Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 sets forth the presumptive amount of basic child support to be awarded. If the circumstances warrant, the trier-of-fact may deviate from that amount under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-5 and may also consider a party’s contribution to additional expenses, which are typically added to the basic amount of support under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6. If, for example, the obligor earns only $900 per month but is living with his or her parents, or has remarried and is living with a fully-employed spouse, the trier-of-fact may consider an upward deviation under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-5(b)(3) or may order the party to contribute to the additional expenses under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6. Consistent with the goals of the SSR, however, the trier-of-fact should ensure that the overall support obligation leaves the obligor with sufficient income to meet basic personal needs and to maintain the incentive to continue working so that support can be paid.

   Subdivision (e) also has been amended to eliminate the application of Melzer v. Witsberger, 480 A.2d 991 (Pa. 1984), in high-income child support cases. In cases in which the parties’ combined net monthly income exceeds $30,000, child support will be calculated in accordance with the three-step process in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3.1(a).

Explanatory Comment—2013
   The SSR has been increased to $931, the 2012 federal poverty level for one person. Subdivision (e) has been amended to require that when the obligor’s income falls into the shaded area of the basic child support schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3, two calculations must be performed. One calculation uses only the obligor’s income and the other is a regular calculation using both parties’ incomes, awarding the lower amount to the obligee. The two-step process is intended to address those cases in which the obligor has minimal income and the obligee’s income is substantially greater.

Explanatory Comment—2015
   The rule has been amended to provide that a party’s support obligation will be reduced by the child’s Social Security derivative benefit amount if that party’s retirement or disability created the benefit and the benefit is being paid to the household in which the child primarily resides or the obligee in cases of equally shared custody. In most cases, payment of the benefit to the obligee’s household will increase the resources available to the child and the parties. The rule is intended to encourage parties to direct that the child’s benefits be paid to the obligee.

Explanatory Comment—2021
   The Self-Support Reserve is determined by the Federal Poverty Guideline for one person converted to a monthly amount—currently $1,063—for the year the Basic Child Support Schedule was derived.

   Subdivision (e)(1) addresses low-income cases and has been completely rewritten and identifies the current monthly Self-Support Reserve (SSR) amount as $1,063. The SSR is the amount of the obligor’s monthly net income that is reserved to meet the obligor’s basic needs. Subdivisions (e)(1)(ii)—(iv) adjust the methodology for calculating support when the obligor’s monthly net income is at or near the SSR amount.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.16-2 adopted September 29, 1989, effective September 30, 1989, 19 Pa.B. 4151; rescinded and replaced January 27, 1993, effective immediately, 23 Pa.B. 701; amended December 7, 1998, effective April 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 6162; amended October 27, 2000, effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 5837; amended October 30, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 6273; amended November 9, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 6315; amended September 27, 2005, effective four months from date of this order, 35 Pa.B. 5643; amended January 5, 2010, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 413; amended January 12, 2010, effective May 12, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 586; amended August 26, 2011, effective September 30, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 4849; amended November 5, 2012, effective December 5, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 7091; amended April 9, 2013, effective August 9, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 2272; amended April 29, 2015, effective July 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 2352; amended February 10, 2017, effective May 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 1123; amended February 9, 2018, effective April 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 1093; amended December 28, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 170; amended August 17, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 5539; amended October 25, 2024, effective immediately, 54 Pa.B. 7348. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (407046) to (407055).

Rule 1910.16-3. Support Guidelines. Basic Child Support Schedule.
 The following schedule represents the amounts spent on children of intact families by combined monthly net income and number of children. Combined monthly net income is on the schedule’s vertical axis, and the number of children is on the schedule’s horizontal axis. This schedule determines the basic child support obligation. Unless these rules provide otherwise, the obligor’s basic child support obligation shall be computed using either the formula set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(a)(1)(Part C) or (a)(2)(Part I).


Basic Child Support Schedule
Combined Adjusted
Net Income	One
Child	Two
Children	Three
Children	Four
Children	Five
Children	Six
Children
1100	33	33	34	34	34	35
1150	78	79	80	81	81	82
1200	123	124	126	127	128	130
1250	168	170	172	174	175	177
1300	213	215	218	220	222	225
1350	258	261	264	267	269	272
1400	303	306	310	313	316	320
1450	334	352	356	360	363	367
1500	346	397	402	406	410	415
1550	357	443	448	453	457	462
1600	369	488	494	499	504	510
1650	380	534	540	546	551	557
1700	392	579	586	592	598	605
1750	403	614	632	639	645	652
1800	415	632	678	685	692	700
1850	426	649	724	732	739	747
1900	438	667	770	778	786	795
1950	449	684	816	825	833	842
2000	461	702	848	871	880	890
2050	472	719	869	918	927	937
2100	484	737	891	964	974	985
2150	495	754	912	1011	1021	1032
2200	507	772	933	1042	1068	1080
2250	518	789	954	1066	1115	1127
2300	530	807	976	1090	1162	1175
2350	541	825	997	1113	1209	1222
2400	553	842	1018	1137	1251	1270
2450	565	860	1039	1161	1277	1317
2500	576	877	1060	1184	1303	1365
2550	588	895	1082	1208	1329	1412
2600	599	912	1103	1232	1355	1460
2650	611	930	1124	1255	1381	1501
2700	622	947	1145	1279	1407	1530
2750	634	965	1166	1303	1433	1558
2800	645	980	1184	1322	1455	1581
2850	657	995	1201	1342	1476	1604
2900	668	1010	1219	1361	1497	1628
2950	680	1026	1236	1381	1519	1651
3000	691	1041	1253	1400	1540	1674
3050	703	1056	1271	1420	1562	1697
3100	714	1071	1288	1439	1583	1721
3150	726	1086	1306	1458	1604	1744
3200	737	1103	1325	1479	1627	1769
3250	747	1120	1345	1502	1652	1796
3300	758	1137	1365	1524	1677	1823
3350	768	1154	1385	1547	1702	1850
3400	778	1171	1405	1569	1726	1876
3450	789	1188	1425	1592	1751	1903
3500	799	1205	1445	1614	1776	1930
3550	810	1222	1465	1637	1800	1957
3600	820	1238	1485	1659	1825	1983
3650	828	1251	1500	1676	1843	2003
3700	837	1264	1515	1692	1862	2023
3750	845	1276	1530	1709	1880	2044
3800	854	1289	1545	1726	1898	2064
3850	862	1302	1560	1743	1917	2084
3900	871	1314	1575	1759	1935	2104
3950	879	1327	1590	1776	1954	2124
4000	888	1340	1605	1793	1972	2144
4050	894	1349	1616	1805	1986	2159
4100	900	1357	1625	1815	1996	2170
4150	905	1364	1633	1824	2007	2181
4200	910	1372	1642	1834	2017	2193
4250	915	1379	1650	1843	2028	2204
4300	920	1387	1659	1853	2038	2215
4350	926	1394	1667	1862	2048	2227
4400	931	1402	1676	1872	2059	2238
4450	936	1409	1684	1881	2069	2249
4500	941	1414	1688	1886	2074	2255
4550	945	1420	1692	1890	2079	2260
4600	950	1425	1697	1895	2085	2266
4650	955	1431	1701	1900	2090	2272
4700	960	1436	1706	1905	2096	2278
4750	964	1441	1710	1910	2101	2284
4800	969	1447	1714	1915	2107	2290
4850	974	1452	1719	1920	2112	2296
4900	980	1461	1730	1933	2126	2311
4950	986	1473	1745	1949	2144	2330
5000	993	1484	1759	1965	2162	2350
5050	999	1495	1774	1982	2180	2370
5100	1006	1506	1789	1998	2198	2389
5150	1012	1517	1803	2014	2216	2409
5200	1019	1528	1818	2031	2234	2428
5250	1026	1539	1833	2047	2252	2448
5300	1032	1549	1845	2061	2267	2464
5350	1036	1553	1849	2065	2272	2469
5400	1040	1558	1853	2069	2276	2474
5450	1044	1562	1856	2073	2281	2479
5500	1048	1567	1860	2078	2285	2484
5550	1052	1571	1864	2082	2290	2489
5600	1056	1576	1867	2086	2294	2494
5650	1060	1581	1871	2090	2299	2499
5700	1064	1585	1875	2094	2304	2504
5750	1069	1592	1881	2101	2312	2513
5800	1074	1599	1889	2110	2321	2523
5850	1080	1606	1896	2118	2330	2532
5900	1085	1614	1903	2126	2339	2542
5950	1091	1621	1911	2134	2348	2552
6000	1097	1628	1918	2143	2357	2562
6050	1102	1636	1926	2151	2366	2572
6100	1108	1643	1933	2159	2375	2582
6150	1114	1651	1942	2169	2386	2594
6200	1122	1663	1955	2184	2402	2611
6250	1131	1675	1968	2198	2418	2628
6300	1139	1686	1981	2212	2434	2645
6350	1147	1698	1993	2227	2449	2662
6400	1155	1709	2006	2241	2465	2680
6450	1164	1721	2019	2255	2481	2697
6500	1172	1733	2032	2270	2497	2714
6550	1180	1744	2045	2284	2512	2731
6600	1188	1756	2058	2298	2528	2748
6650	1197	1767	2070	2313	2544	2765
6700	1205	1779	2083	2327	2560	2783
6750	1213	1791	2096	2341	2576	2800
6800	1220	1801	2109	2356	2591	2817
6850	1226	1811	2122	2370	2607	2834
6900	1232	1821	2135	2385	2623	2851
6950	1238	1831	2148	2399	2639	2869
7000	1244	1841	2161	2414	2655	2886
7050	1250	1851	2174	2428	2671	2903
7100	1256	1861	2187	2443	2687	2921
7150	1262	1871	2200	2457	2703	2938
7200	1268	1881	2213	2472	2719	2955
7250	1274	1891	2226	2486	2735	2972
7300	1281	1901	2239	2500	2750	2990
7350	1287	1911	2251	2515	2766	3007
7400	1293	1921	2264	2529	2782	3024
7450	1297	1928	2272	2538	2792	3035
7500	1302	1934	2279	2546	2801	3044
7550	1307	1941	2287	2554	2809	3054
7600	1312	1947	2294	2562	2818	3064
7650	1316	1954	2301	2570	2827	3073
7700	1321	1960	2308	2578	2836	3083
7750	1326	1967	2315	2586	2845	3092
7800	1330	1973	2322	2594	2854	3102
7850	1335	1980	2330	2602	2862	3111
7900	1340	1987	2337	2610	2871	3121
7950	1345	1993	2344	2618	2880	3131
8000	1349	2000	2351	2626	2889	3140
8050	1354	2006	2359	2635	2898	3150
8100	1360	2015	2367	2644	2908	3161
8150	1366	2023	2375	2653	2918	3172
8200	1372	2031	2384	2662	2929	3183
8250	1379	2039	2392	2672	2939	3194
8300	1385	2047	2400	2681	2949	3206
8350	1391	2055	2408	2690	2959	3217
8400	1397	2063	2417	2699	2969	3228
8450	1403	2071	2425	2709	2980	3239
8500	1409	2079	2433	2718	2990	3250
8550	1415	2087	2442	2727	3000	3261
8600	1421	2095	2450	2737	3010	3272
8650	1427	2103	2458	2746	3020	3283
8700	1433	2111	2466	2755	3031	3294
8750	1439	2119	2475	2764	3041	3305
8800	1445	2127	2483	2774	3051	3316
8850	1451	2135	2491	2783	3061	3327
8900	1457	2143	2499	2791	3070	3337
8950	1461	2147	2503	2796	3076	3343
9000	1465	2152	2508	2801	3082	3350
9050	1468	2157	2513	2807	3087	3356
9100	1472	2162	2517	2812	3093	3362
9150	1476	2167	2522	2817	3099	3368
9200	1480	2172	2526	2822	3104	3374
9250	1484	2177	2531	2827	3110	3381
9300	1488	2181	2536	2832	3116	3387
9350	1492	2186	2540	2838	3121	3393
9400	1495	2191	2545	2843	3127	3399
9450	1499	2196	2550	2848	3133	3405
9500	1503	2201	2554	2853	3138	3412
9550	1507	2206	2559	2858	3144	3418
9600	1511	2210	2564	2864	3150	3424
9650	1515	2215	2568	2869	3156	3430
9700	1519	2220	2573	2874	3161	3436
9750	1524	2227	2580	2882	3170	3446
9800	1531	2238	2593	2896	3186	3463
9850	1538	2248	2605	2910	3201	3479
9900	1545	2259	2618	2924	3216	3496
9950	1552	2269	2630	2938	3231	3513
10000	1559	2280	2642	2952	3247	3529
10050	1566	2290	2655	2966	3262	3546
10100	1573	2301	2667	2979	3277	3562
10150	1581	2312	2680	2993	3293	3579
10200	1588	2322	2692	3007	3308	3596
10250	1595	2333	2705	3021	3323	3612
10300	1602	2343	2717	3035	3339	3629
10350	1609	2354	2730	3049	3354	3646
10400	1616	2365	2742	3063	3369	3662
10450	1623	2375	2754	3077	3384	3679
10500	1631	2386	2767	3091	3400	3695
10550	1638	2396	2779	3105	3415	3712
10600	1645	2407	2792	3118	3430	3729
10650	1652	2417	2804	3132	3446	3745
10700	1659	2428	2817	3146	3461	3762
10750	1666	2439	2829	3160	3476	3779
10800	1673	2449	2842	3174	3491	3795
10850	1680	2460	2854	3188	3507	3812
10900	1688	2470	2867	3202	3522	3828
10950	1695	2481	2879	3216	3537	3845
11000	1702	2491	2891	3230	3553	3862
11050	1708	2499	2899	3239	3562	3872
11100	1713	2507	2907	3247	3572	3883
11150	1719	2514	2915	3256	3581	3893
11200	1725	2522	2922	3264	3591	3903
11250	1730	2529	2930	3273	3600	3913
11300	1736	2537	2938	3282	3610	3924
11350	1742	2544	2946	3290	3619	3934
11400	1747	2552	2953	3299	3629	3944
11450	1753	2559	2961	3307	3638	3955
11500	1759	2567	2969	3316	3648	3965
11550	1764	2574	2976	3325	3657	3975
11600	1770	2582	2984	3333	3667	3986
11650	1776	2589	2992	3342	3676	3996
11700	1782	2597	3000	3350	3686	4006
11750	1787	2604	3007	3359	3695	4016
11800	1793	2612	3015	3368	3704	4027
11850	1799	2619	3023	3376	3714	4037
11900	1804	2627	3030	3385	3723	4047
11950	1810	2634	3038	3394	3733	4058
12000	1816	2642	3046	3402	3742	4068
12050	1821	2649	3053	3411	3752	4078
12100	1827	2657	3061	3419	3761	4089
12150	1833	2664	3069	3428	3771	4099
12200	1838	2672	3077	3437	3780	4109
12250	1844	2679	3084	3445	3790	4119
12300	1850	2687	3092	3454	3799	4130
12350	1855	2695	3100	3462	3809	4140
12400	1861	2702	3107	3471	3818	4150
12450	1867	2710	3115	3480	3828	4161
12500	1873	2717	3123	3488	3837	4171
12550	1878	2725	3131	3497	3847	4181
12600	1884	2732	3138	3505	3856	4191
12650	1890	2740	3146	3514	3865	4202
12700	1895	2747	3154	3523	3875	4213
12750	1900	2756	3166	3536	3890	4228
12800	1905	2764	3177	3549	3904	4244
12850	1910	2773	3189	3562	3918	4259
12900	1915	2782	3200	3575	3932	4274
12950	1920	2790	3212	3588	3947	4290
13000	1925	2799	3224	3601	3961	4305
13050	1930	2807	3235	3614	3975	4321
13100	1935	2816	3247	3627	3989	4336
13150	1940	2825	3258	3640	4004	4352
13200	1945	2833	3270	3652	4018	4367
13250	1950	2842	3281	3665	4032	4383
13300	1955	2850	3293	3678	4046	4398
13350	1960	2859	3305	3691	4060	4414
13400	1965	2868	3316	3704	4075	4429
13450	1970	2876	3328	3717	4089	4445
13500	1975	2885	3339	3730	4103	4460
13550	1980	2893	3351	3743	4117	4476
13600	1985	2902	3363	3756	4132	4491
13650	1990	2910	3374	3769	4146	4506
13700	1995	2919	3386	3782	4160	4522
13750	2000	2928	3397	3795	4174	4537
13800	2005	2936	3409	3808	4188	4553
13850	2010	2945	3420	3821	4203	4568
13900	2015	2953	3432	3834	4217	4584
13950	2020	2962	3444	3847	4231	4599
14000	2025	2971	3455	3859	4245	4615
14050	2030	2979	3467	3872	4260	4630
14100	2035	2988	3478	3885	4274	4646
14150	2040	2996	3490	3898	4288	4661
14200	2045	3005	3502	3911	4302	4677
14250	2050	3014	3513	3924	4317	4692
14300	2055	3022	3525	3937	4331	4708
14350	2060	3031	3536	3950	4345	4723
14400	2065	3039	3548	3963	4359	4738
14450	2070	3048	3559	3976	4373	4754
14500	2075	3056	3571	3989	4388	4769
14550	2080	3065	3583	4002	4402	4785
14600	2085	3074	3594	4015	4416	4800
14650	2090	3082	3606	4028	4430	4816
14700	2095	3091	3617	4041	4445	4831
14750	2100	3099	3629	4053	4459	4847
14800	2105	3108	3640	4066	4473	4862
14850	2110	3117	3652	4079	4487	4878
14900	2115	3125	3664	4092	4502	4893
14950	2120	3134	3675	4105	4516	4909
15000	2125	3142	3687	4118	4530	4924
15050	2130	3151	3698	4131	4544	4940
15100	2135	3160	3710	4144	4558	4955
15150	2140	3168	3722	4157	4573	4970
15200	2145	3177	3733	4170	4587	4986
15250	2150	3185	3744	4182	4600	5000
15300	2155	3192	3752	4191	4610	5011
15350	2161	3200	3760	4200	4620	5022
15400	2166	3207	3769	4210	4631	5034
15450	2171	3215	3777	4219	4641	5045
15500	2176	3222	3786	4229	4651	5056
15550	2181	3229	3794	4238	4662	5067
15600	2186	3237	3802	4247	4672	5078
15650	2192	3244	3811	4257	4682	5090
15700	2197	3252	3819	4266	4693	5101
15750	2202	3259	3828	4275	4703	5112
15800	2207	3266	3836	4285	4713	5123
15850	2212	3274	3844	4294	4724	5135
15900	2218	3281	3853	4304	4734	5146
15950	2223	3289	3861	4313	4744	5157
16000	2228	3296	3870	4322	4754	5168
16050	2233	3304	3878	4332	4765	5179
16100	2238	3311	3886	4341	4775	5191
16150	2244	3318	3895	4350	4785	5202
16200	2249	3326	3903	4360	4796	5213
16250	2254	3333	3911	4369	4806	5224
16300	2259	3341	3920	4378	4816	5235
16350	2264	3348	3928	4388	4827	5247
16400	2269	3355	3937	4397	4837	5258
16450	2275	3363	3945	4407	4847	5269
16500	2280	3370	3953	4416	4858	5280
16550	2285	3378	3962	4425	4868	5291
16600	2290	3385	3970	4435	4878	5303
16650	2295	3393	3979	4444	4888	5314
16700	2301	3400	3987	4453	4899	5325
16750	2306	3407	3995	4463	4909	5336
16800	2311	3415	4004	4472	4919	5347
16850	2316	3422	4012	4482	4930	5359
16900	2321	3430	4021	4491	4940	5370
16950	2327	3437	4029	4500	4950	5381
17000	2332	3445	4037	4510	4961	5392
17050	2337	3452	4046	4519	4971	5403
17100	2342	3459	4054	4528	4981	5415
17150	2347	3467	4062	4538	4992	5426
17200	2352	3474	4071	4547	5002	5437
17250	2358	3482	4079	4557	5012	5448
17300	2363	3489	4088	4566	5023	5459
17350	2368	3496	4096	4575	5033	5471
17400	2373	3504	4104	4585	5043	5482
17450	2378	3511	4113	4594	5053	5493
17500	2384	3519	4121	4603	5064	5504
17550	2389	3526	4130	4613	5074	5515
17600	2394	3534	4138	4622	5084	5527
17650	2399	3541	4146	4632	5095	5538
17700	2404	3548	4155	4641	5105	5549
17750	2410	3556	4163	4650	5115	5560
17800	2415	3563	4172	4660	5126	5572
17850	2420	3571	4180	4669	5136	5583
17900	2425	3578	4188	4678	5146	5594
17950	2430	3585	4197	4688	5157	5605
18000	2435	3593	4205	4697	5167	5616
18050	2441	3600	4214	4706	5177	5628
18100	2446	3608	4222	4716	5187	5639
18150	2451	3615	4230	4725	5198	5650
18200	2456	3623	4239	4735	5208	5661
18250	2461	3630	4247	4744	5218	5672
18300	2467	3637	4255	4753	5229	5684
18350	2472	3645	4264	4763	5239	5695
18400	2477	3652	4272	4772	5249	5706
18450	2482	3660	4281	4781	5260	5717
18500	2487	3667	4289	4791	5270	5728
18550	2493	3674	4297	4800	5280	5740
18600	2498	3682	4306	4810	5291	5751
18650	2503	3689	4314	4819	5301	5762
18700	2508	3697	4323	4828	5311	5773
18750	2513	3704	4331	4838	5321	5784
18800	2519	3712	4339	4847	5332	5796
18850	2524	3719	4348	4856	5342	5807
18900	2529	3726	4356	4866	5352	5818
18950	2534	3734	4365	4875	5363	5829
19000	2539	3741	4373	4885	5373	5840
19050	2544	3749	4381	4894	5383	5852
19100	2550	3756	4390	4903	5394	5863
19150	2555	3763	4398	4913	5404	5874
19200	2560	3771	4406	4922	5414	5885
19250	2565	3778	4415	4931	5425	5896
19300	2570	3786	4423	4941	5435	5908
19350	2576	3793	4432	4950	5445	5919
19400	2581	3801	4440	4960	5455	5930
19450	2586	3808	4448	4969	5466	5941
19500	2591	3815	4457	4978	5476	5953
19550	2596	3823	4465	4988	5486	5964
19600	2602	3830	4474	4997	5497	5975
19650	2607	3838	4482	5006	5507	5986
19700	2612	3845	4490	5016	5517	5997
19750	2617	3852	4499	5025	5528	6009
19800	2622	3860	4507	5034	5538	6020
19850	2627	3867	4516	5044	5548	6031
19900	2633	3875	4524	5053	5559	6042
19950	2638	3882	4532	5063	5569	6053
20000	2643	3890	4541	5072	5579	6065
20050	2648	3897	4549	5081	5589	6076
20100	2653	3904	4557	5091	5600	6087
20150	2659	3912	4566	5100	5610	6098
20200	2664	3919	4574	5109	5620	6109
20250	2669	3927	4583	5119	5631	6121
20300	2674	3934	4591	5128	5641	6132
20350	2679	3941	4599	5138	5651	6143
20400	2685	3949	4608	5147	5662	6154
20450	2690	3956	4616	5156	5672	6165
20500	2695	3964	4625	5166	5682	6177
20550	2700	3971	4633	5175	5693	6188
20600	2705	3979	4641	5184	5703	6199
20650	2710	3986	4650	5194	5713	6210
20700	2716	3993	4658	5203	5723	6221
20750	2721	4001	4667	5213	5734	6233
20800	2726	4008	4675	5222	5744	6244
20850	2731	4016	4683	5231	5754	6255
20900	2736	4023	4692	5241	5765	6266
20950	2742	4030	4700	5250	5775	6277
21000	2747	4038	4709	5259	5785	6289
21050	2752	4045	4717	5269	5796	6300
21100	2757	4053	4725	5278	5806	6311
21150	2762	4060	4734	5288	5816	6322
21200	2768	4068	4742	5297	5827	6333
21250	2773	4075	4750	5306	5837	6345
21300	2778	4082	4759	5316	5847	6356
21350	2783	4090	4767	5325	5858	6367
21400	2788	4097	4776	5334	5868	6378
21450	2793	4105	4784	5344	5878	6390
21500	2799	4112	4792	5353	5888	6401
21550	2804	4119	4801	5362	5899	6412
21600	2809	4127	4809	5372	5909	6423
21650	2814	4134	4818	5381	5919	6434
21700	2819	4142	4826	5391	5930	6446
21750	2825	4149	4834	5400	5940	6457
21800	2830	4157	4843	5409	5950	6468
21850	2835	4164	4851	5419	5961	6479
21900	2840	4171	4860	5428	5971	6490
21950	2845	4173	4862	5430	5974	6493
22000	2850	4174	4862	5431	5974	6494
22050	2854	4174	4863	5432	5975	6495
22100	2859	4175	4863	5432	5976	6495
22150	2864	4175	4864	5433	5976	6496
22200	2869	4176	4864	5434	5977	6497
22250	2873	4176	4865	5434	5978	6498
22300	2878	4177	4866	5435	5978	6498
22350	2883	4177	4866	5435	5979	6499
22400	2888	4178	4867	5436	5980	6500
22450	2892	4178	4867	5437	5980	6501
22500	2897	4179	4868	5437	5981	6501
22550	2902	4179	4868	5438	5982	6502
22600	2907	4179	4869	5439	5982	6503
22650	2911	4180	4869	5439	5983	6504
22700	2916	4180	4870	5440	5984	6504
22750	2921	4181	4871	5440	5984	6505
22800	2926	4181	4871	5441	5985	6506
22850	2930	4182	4872	5442	5986	6507
22900	2935	4182	4872	5442	5986	6507
22950	2940	4183	4873	5443	5987	6508
23000	2945	4183	4873	5443	5988	6509
23050	2949	4184	4874	5444	5989	6510
23100	2954	4184	4874	5445	5989	6510
23150	2959	4185	4875	5445	5990	6511
23200	2963	4185	4876	5446	5991	6512
23250	2968	4186	4876	5447	5991	6513
23300	2973	4186	4877	5447	5992	6513
23350	2978	4187	4877	5448	5993	6514
23400	2982	4187	4878	5448	5993	6515
23450	2987	4188	4878	5449	5994	6515
23500	2992	4188	4879	5450	5995	6516
23550	2997	4189	4879	5450	5995	6517
23600	3001	4189	4880	5451	5996	6518
23650	3006	4189	4881	5452	5997	6518
23700	3011	4190	4881	5452	5997	6519
23750	3016	4190	4882	5453	5998	6520
23800	3020	4191	4882	5453	5999	6521
23850	3025	4191	4883	5454	5999	6521
23900	3030	4192	4883	5455	6000	6522
23950	3035	4192	4884	5455	6001	6523
24000	3039	4193	4884	5456	6002	6524
24050	3044	4193	4885	5457	6002	6524
24100	3049	4194	4886	5457	6003	6525
24150	3054	4194	4886	5458	6004	6526
24200	3058	4195	4887	5458	6004	6527
24250	3063	4195	4887	5459	6005	6527
24300	3068	4196	4888	5460	6006	6528
24350	3072	4196	4888	5460	6006	6529
24400	3077	4197	4889	5461	6007	6530
24450	3082	4197	4889	5462	6008	6530
24500	3087	4198	4890	5462	6008	6531
24550	3091	4198	4891	5463	6009	6532
24600	3096	4199	4891	5463	6010	6533
24650	3101	4199	4892	5464	6010	6533
24700	3106	4200	4892	5465	6011	6534
24750	3110	4200	4893	5465	6012	6535
24800	3115	4200	4893	5466	6012	6536
24850	3120	4201	4894	5466	6013	6536
24900	3125	4201	4894	5467	6014	6537
24950	3129	4202	4895	5468	6014	6538
25000	3134	4202	4896	5468	6015	6538
25050	3139	4203	4896	5469	6016	6539
25100	3144	4203	4897	5470	6017	6540
25150	3148	4204	4897	5470	6017	6541
25200	3153	4204	4898	5471	6018	6541
25250	3158	4205	4898	5471	6019	6542
25300	3162	4205	4899	5472	6019	6543
25350	3167	4206	4899	5473	6020	6544
25400	3172	4206	4900	5473	6021	6544
25450	3177	4207	4901	5474	6021	6545
25500	3181	4207	4901	5475	6022	6546
25550	3186	4208	4902	5475	6023	6547
25600	3191	4208	4902	5476	6023	6547
25650	3196	4209	4903	5476	6024	6548
25700	3200	4209	4903	5477	6025	6549
25750	3205	4210	4904	5478	6025	6550
25800	3210	4210	4904	5478	6026	6550
25850	3215	4210	4905	5479	6027	6551
25900	3219	4211	4906	5480	6027	6552
25950	3224	4211	4906	5480	6028	6553
26000	3229	4212	4907	5481	6029	6553
26050	3234	4212	4907	5481	6030	6554
26100	3238	4213	4908	5482	6030	6555
26150	3243	4213	4908	5483	6031	6556
26200	3248	4214	4909	5483	6032	6556
26250	3253	4214	4909	5484	6032	6557
26300	3257	4215	4910	5484	6033	6558
26350	3262	4215	4911	5485	6034	6559
26400	3267	4216	4911	5486	6034	6559
26450	3271	4216	4912	5486	6035	6560
26500	3276	4217	4912	5487	6036	6561
26550	3281	4217	4913	5488	6036	6562
26600	3286	4218	4913	5488	6037	6562
26650	3290	4218	4914	5489	6038	6563
26700	3295	4219	4914	5489	6038	6564
26750	3300	4219	4915	5490	6039	6564
26800	3305	4220	4916	5491	6040	6565
26850	3309	4220	4916	5491	6040	6566
26900	3314	4221	4917	5492	6041	6567
26950	3319	4221	4917	5493	6042	6567
27000	3324	4221	4918	5493	6042	6568
27050	3328	4222	4918	5494	6043	6569
27100	3333	4222	4919	5494	6044	6570
27150	3338	4223	4919	5495	6045	6570
27200	3343	4223	4920	5496	6045	6571
27250	3347	4224	4921	5496	6046	6572
27300	3352	4224	4921	5497	6047	6573
27350	3357	4225	4922	5498	6047	6573
27400	3362	4225	4922	5498	6048	6574
27450	3366	4226	4923	5499	6049	6575
27500	3371	4226	4923	5499	6049	6576
27550	3376	4227	4924	5500	6050	6576
27600	3380	4227	4924	5501	6051	6577
27650	3385	4228	4925	5501	6051	6578
27700	3390	4228	4926	5502	6052	6579
27750	3395	4229	4926	5502	6053	6579
27800	3399	4229	4927	5503	6053	6580
27850	3404	4230	4927	5504	6054	6581
27900	3409	4230	4928	5504	6055	6582
27950	3414	4231	4928	5505	6055	6582
28000	3418	4231	4929	5506	6056	6583
28050	3423	4231	4929	5506	6057	6584
28100	3428	4232	4930	5507	6058	6585
28150	3433	4232	4931	5507	6058	6585
28200	3437	4233	4931	5508	6059	6586
28250	3442	4233	4932	5509	6060	6587
28300	3447	4234	4932	5509	6060	6587
28350	3452	4234	4933	5510	6061	6588
28400	3456	4235	4933	5511	6062	6589
28450	3461	4235	4934	5511	6062	6590
28500	3466	4236	4934	5512	6063	6590
28550	3471	4236	4935	5512	6064	6591
28600	3475	4237	4936	5513	6064	6592
28650	3480	4237	4936	5514	6065	6593
28700	3485	4238	4937	5514	6066	6593
28750	3489	4238	4937	5515	6066	6594
28800	3494	4239	4938	5516	6067	6595
28850	3499	4239	4938	5516	6068	6596
28900	3504	4240	4939	5517	6068	6596
28950	3508	4240	4939	5517	6069	6597
29000	3513	4241	4940	5518	6070	6598
29050	3518	4241	4941	5519	6070	6599
29100	3523	4242	4941	5519	6071	6599
29150	3527	4242	4942	5520	6072	6600
29200	3532	4242	4942	5520	6073	6601
29250	3537	4243	4943	5521	6073	6602
29300	3542	4243	4943	5522	6074	6602
29350	3546	4244	4944	5522	6075	6603
29400	3551	4244	4944	5523	6075	6604
29450	3556	4245	4945	5524	6076	6605
29500	3561	4245	4946	5524	6077	6605
29550	3565	4246	4946	5525	6077	6606
29600	3570	4246	4947	5525	6078	6607
29650	3575	4247	4947	5526	6079	6608
29700	3580	4247	4948	5527	6079	6608
29750	3584	4248	4948	5527	6080	6609
29800	3589	4248	4949	5528	6081	6610
29850	3594	4249	4949	5529	6081	6611
29900	3598	4249	4950	5529	6082	6611
29950	3603	4250	4951	5530	6083	6612
30000	3608	4250	4951	5530	6083	6613

Explanatory Comment—2010
   The basic child support schedule has been amended to reflect updated economic data. The schedule has been expanded to include all cases in which the parties’ combined net monthly income is $30,000 or less. It also reflects an increase in the Self-Support Reserve to $867, the 2008 poverty level for one person. The schedule was further adjusted to incorporate an assumption that the children spend 30% of the time with the obligor.

Explanatory Comment—2013
   The basic child support schedule has been amended to reflect updated economic data. It also reflects an increase in the Self-Support Reserve to $931, the 2012 poverty level for one person, which has been incorporated into the schedule.

Explanatory Comment—2021
   Previously, the Basic Child Support Schedule incorporated a 30% child custody presumption, which created approximately a 5% decrease in the basic child support obligation across all combined monthly net incomes regardless of the actual custody schedule. The new Basic Child Support Schedule reflects the actual expenses of an intact family living in a single household at the various combined monthly net incomes and the number of children with no shared custody adjustment.

   To the extent the parties share physical custody with the obligor having 40% or more of the annual overnights as set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(c), the formula in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(a)(1)(Part D) or (a)(2)(Part II) should be used to calculate the appropriate shared custody adjustment.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.16-3 adopted September 6, 1989, effective September 30, 1989, 19 Pa.B. 4151; amended October 25, 1989, effective October 25, 1989, 19 Pa.B. 4861; amended January 27, 1993, effective immediately, 23 Pa.B. 701; amended July 15, 1994, effective September 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 3802; amended December 7, 1998, effective April 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 6162; amended October 27, 2000, effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 5837; amended September 27, 2005, effective 4 months from the date of this order, 35 Pa. B. 5643; amended January 12, 2010, effective May 12, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 586; amended April 9, 2013, effective August 9, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 2272; amended February 10, 2017, effective May 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 1123; amended December 28, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 170; amended August 17, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 5539. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (395617) to (395618), (386453) to (386486) and (395619) to (395620).

Rule 1910.16-3.1. Support Guidelines. High-Income Cases.
 (a)  Child Support.

   (1)  Presumptive Minimum Basic Child Support Obligation.

     (i)   The presumptive minimum basic child support obligation is the support obligation that the trier-of-fact would have awarded if the parties’ combined monthly net income was $30,000.

     (ii)   When the parties’ combined monthly net income exceeds $30,000, the calculated support obligation shall not be less than the presumptive minimum basic child support obligation.

   (2)  High-Income Child Support Calculation. With the following three-step process, the trier-of-fact shall calculate the total child support obligation.

     (i)   Preliminary Analysis. Using the following formula, the trier-of-fact shall:

       (A)   calculate the basic child support obligation based on the parties’ combined monthly net income; and

       (B)   apportion the basic child support obligation based on the parties’ respective monthly net incomes.


One child:	$3,608 + 4.0% of combined monthly net income above $30,000.
Two children:	$4,250 + 4.0% of combined monthly net income above $30,000.
Three children:	$4,951 + 4.7% of combined monthly net income above $30,000.
Four children:	$5,530 + 5.3% of combined monthly net income above $30,000.
Five children:	$6,083 + 5.8% of combined monthly net income above $30,000.
Six children:	$6,613 + 6.3% of combined monthly net income above $30,000.
     (ii)   Substantial or Equally Shared Custody Adjustment. The trier-of-fact shall adjust the basic child support obligation calculated in subdivision (a)(2)(i) for substantial or equally shared custody as set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(c).

     (iii)   Final Analysis—Reasonable Needs.

       (A)   In determining the total child support obligation, the trier-of-fact shall consider the child’s reasonable needs based on:

         (I)   the deviation factors in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-5;

         (II)   the additional expenses set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6; and

         (III)   the parties’ expense statements required by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.11(c)(2) and Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.27(c)(2)(B).

       (B)   Subject to the presumptive minimum basic child support obligation, the trier-of-fact may upwardly or downwardly adjust the support obligation calculated in subdivisions (a)(2)(i) and (ii) based on the child’s reasonable needs.

   (3)  Final Order. As part of the final order, the trier-of-fact shall state on the record or in writing:

     (i)   findings of fact; and

     (ii)   the reasons for awarding the total child support obligation, including:

       (A)   a discussion of the child’s reasonable needs; and

       (B)   the adjustments or deviations made to the basic child support obligation.

 (b)  Spousal Support or Alimony Pendente Lite.

   (1)  Preliminary Analysis. When the parties’ combined monthly net income exceeds $30,000, the trier-of-fact shall apply the formula in either Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(a)(1)(Part B) or (a)(2)(Part IV) in calculating spousal support or alimony pendente lite.

   (2)  Final Analysis. In determining the total spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation, the trier-of-fact shall consider:

     (i)   the deviation factors in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-5;

     (ii)   the additional expenses set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6; and

     (iii)   the parties’ expense statements required by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.11(c)(2) and Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.27(c)(2)(B).

   (3)  Final Order. As part of the final order, the trier-of-fact shall state on the record or in writing:

     (i)   findings of fact; and

     (ii)   the reasons for awarding the final spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation, including the adjustments or deviations made to the basic spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation.

Explanatory Comment—2010
   Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3.1 is intended to bring all child support cases under the guidelines and treat similarly situated parties similarly. Thus, high-income child support cases no longer will be decided pursuant to Melzer v. Witsberger, 480 A.2d 991 (Pa. 1984). Economic data support the basic child support schedule up to combined net incomes of $30,000 per month. Above that amount, economic data are not readily available. Thus, for cases in which the parties’ combined monthly net income is above $30,000, the formula first applies a fixed percentage to calculate the support amount. The formula is an extrapolation of the available economic data to high-income cases. Spousal support and alimony pendente lite awards in high-income cases are preliminarily calculated pursuant to the formulas in either Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(a)(1)(Part B) or (2)(Part IV). However, in both high-income child support and spousal support and high-income child support and alimony pendente lite cases, the trier-of-fact is required to consider the factors in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-5 before entering a final order and to make findings of fact on the record or in writing. Pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.11(c)(2), in all high-income cases, the parties must submit an Income Statement and the Expense Statement at Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.27(c)(2)(B) to enable the trier-of-fact to consider the factors in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-5.

Explanatory Comment—2011
   The rule has been amended to clarify that the provisions of Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(c), regarding support adjustments if the obligor has substantial or shared custody, apply in high-income cases. Previously, when high-income cases were decided pursuant to Melzer v. Witsberger, 480 A.2d 991 (Pa. 1984), case law held that because the time and resources each parent provided to a child were factored into the Melzer formula, the substantial or shared parenting time reductions did not apply to cases decided pursuant to Melzer. See, e.g., Sirio v. Sirio, 951 A.2d 1188 (Pa. Super. 2008); Bulgarelli v. Bulgarelli, 934 A.2d 107 (Pa. Super. 2007). As Melzer no longer applies to calculate support in high-income cases, the prohibition against substantial or shared parenting time reductions in such cases is no longer applicable.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.16-3.1 adopted January 12, 2010, effective May 12, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 586; amended August 26, 2011, effective September 30, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 4851; amended April 9, 2013, effective August 9, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 2272; amended February 10, 2017, effective May 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 1123; amended December 28, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 170; amended August 17, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 5539. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (395621) to (395622).

Rule 1910.16-4. Support Guidelines. Calculation of Support Obligation, Formula.
 (a)  The trier-of-fact shall use either the subdivision (1) or subdivision (2) formula to calculate the obligor’s share of basic child support, either from the schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 or the formula in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3.1(a), as well as spousal support and alimony pendente lite obligations. In high-income cases, the trier-of-fact shall use either the subdivision (1)(Part B) or subdivision (2)(Part IV) formula, as appropriate, as a preliminary analysis in the calculation of spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligations.

   (1)  The formula in Parts A through E is for an order entered on or after January 1, 2019, or for a modification of an order entered before January 1, 2019 that includes spousal support or alimony pendente lite in which the amendments to the Internal Revenue Code made by Section 11051 of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Pub.L. No. 115-97) expressly apply.

   Official Note

   Section 11051 of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Pub.L. No. 115-97) amended the Internal Revenue Code by repealing the alimony deduction—the amount of spousal support, alimony pendente lite, and alimony paid or received—from the payor’s gross income and the alimony inclusion into the payee’s gross income.

   See subdivision (2) for a modification of an order entered before January 1, 2019 that includes spousal support or alimony pendente lite in which the amendments to the Internal Revenue Code made by Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Pub.L. No. 115-97) do not apply to the modification.

   PART A. CALCULATION OF MONTHLY NET INCOME


OBLIGOR	OBLIGEE
1.	Total Gross Income per pay period (See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(a))	
2.	Deductions (See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(c))	(
)	(
)
3.	Net Income (line 1 minus line 2)	
4.	Conversion to Monthly Net Income (if pay period is other than monthly)	
   PART B. SPOUSAL SUPPORT OR ALIMONY PENDENTE LITE


Without
Dependent
Children
With
Dependent
Children
5.	Obligor’s Monthly Net Income (line 4)	
6.	Obligor’s child support, spousal support, alimony pendente lite, or alimony obligations to children or former spouses who are not part of this action, if any. (See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(c)(2))	(
)	(
)
7.	Obligor’s Net Income available for spousal support or alimony pendente lite (line 5 minus line 6)	
8.	Obligor’s Net Income percentage for spousal support or alimony pendente lite	x   33%
  

x   25%
  

9.	Obligor’s proportionate share of spousal support or alimony pendente lite (line 7 multiplied by line 8)	
10.	Obligee’s Monthly Net Income (line 4)	
11.	Obligee’s Net Income percentage for spousal support or alimony pendente lite	x   40%
  

x   30%
  

12.	Obligee’s proportionate share of spousal support or alimony pendente lite (line 10 multiplied by line 11)	
13.	Preliminary Monthly Spousal Support or Alimony Pendente Lite Obligation (line 9 minus line 12—if the result is less than zero, enter a zero on line 13)	

14.	Adjustments for Part E Additional Expenses (See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6)	

15.	Total Monthly Spousal Support or Alimony Pendente Lite Obligation (line 13 plus or minus line 14, as appropriate)	

   PART C—BASIC CHILD SUPPORT


OBLIGOR	OBLIGEE
16.	Monthly Net Income (line 4 and add the child’s monthly Social Security Disability or Retirement Derivative benefit amount, if any, to the Monthly Net Income of the party receiving the benefit pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(b)(2)(i) or (ii).	
17.	Preliminary Monthly Spousal Support or Alimony Pendente Lite Obligation, if any. (line 13)	(
)	+    
  

18.	Adjusted Monthly Net Income (for obligor, line 16 minus line 17; for obligee, line 16 plus line 17)	
19.	Combined Monthly Net Income (obligor’s line 18 plus obligee’s line 18)	

20.	Basic Child Support Obligation (determined from child support schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 based on the number of children and line 19)	

21.	Net Income expressed as a percentage of Combined Monthly Net Income (line 18 divided by line 19 and multiplied by 100)	    %	    %
22.	Preliminary Monthly Basic Child Support Obligation (line 20 multiplied by line 21)	
23.	Child’s Social Security Derivative Disability or Retirement Benefit. (if the benefits are paid to the obligee, enter the benefit amount on the line for the party whose retirement or disability created the child’s benefit pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(b))	
24.	Adjusted Monthly Basic Child Support Obligation (line 22 minus line 23—if the result is less than zero, enter a zero on line 24)	
   PART D. SUBSTANTIAL OR SHARED PHYSICAL CUSTODY ADJUSTMENT, IF APPLICABLE (See subdivision (c))


25. a.	Percentage of time obligor spends with the child (divide number of overnights with the obligor by 365 and multiply by 100)	       %
  b.	Subtract 30%	(     30%)
  c.	Difference (line 25a minus line 25b)	       %
  

  d.	Obligor’s Adjusted Percentage Share of the Basic Child Support Obligation (line 21 minus line 25c)	       %
  

  e.	Obligor’s Preliminary Adjusted Basic Child Support Obligation (line 20 multiplied by line 25d)	

  f.	Further adjustment, if necessary under subdivision (c)(2)	

  g.	Obligor’s Adjusted Basic Child Support Obligation	

   PART E. ADDITIONAL EXPENSES (See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6)


26. a.	Obligor’s Share of Child Care Expenses	

  b.	Obligor’s Share of Health Insurance Premium (if the obligee is paying the premium)	

  c.	Obligee’s Share of the Health Insurance Premium (if the obligor is paying the premium)	(
)
  d.	Obligor’s Share of Unreimbursed Medical Expenses	

  e.	Other Additional Expenses	

  f.	Total Additional Expenses (add lines 26a, b, d, and e, then subtract line 26c)	

27.	Obligor’s Total Monthly Child Support Obligation (line 24 or 25g plus line 26f, if applicable)	

   (2)  The formula in Parts I through IV is for a modification of an order entered before January 1, 2019 that includes spousal support or alimony pendente lite.

   Official Note

   See subdivision (1) for an order entered on or after January 1, 2019, or for a modification of an order entered before January 1, 2019 that includes spousal support or alimony pendente lite in which the amendments to the Internal Revenue Code made by Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Pub.L. No. 115-97) expressly apply to the modification.

   PART I. BASIC CHILD SUPPORT


OBLIGOR	OBLIGEE
1.	Total Gross Income Per Pay Period (See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(a))	
2.	Deductions (See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(c))	(
)	(
)
3.	Net Income (line 1 minus line 2)	
4.	Conversion to Monthly Net Income (if pay period is other than monthly) Include the child’s monthly Social Security derivative benefit amount, if any, in the monthly net income of the party receiving the benefit pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(b)(2)(i) or (ii).
5.	Combined Monthly Net Income (obligor’s line 4 plus obligee’s line 4)	

6.	Basic Child Support Obligation (determined from schedule at Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 based on number of children and line 5)	

7.	Net Income Expressed as a Percentage of Combined Monthly Net Income (divide line 4 by line 5 and multiply by 100)	     %	     %
8.	Preliminary Basic Child Support Obligation (multiply line 6 and 7)	
9.	Child’s Social Security Derivative Disability or Retirement Benefit (if the benefits are paid to the obligee, enter the benefit amount on the line for the party whose retirement or disability created the child’s benefit)	
10.	Adjusted Basic Child Support Obligation (line 8 minus line 9—if the result is less than zero, enter a zero on line 10)	
   PART II. SUBSTANTIAL OR SHARED PHYSICAL CUSTODY ADJUSTMENT, IF APPLICABLE (See subdivision (c))


11. a.	Percentage of Time Obligor Spends with Children (divide number of overnights with the obligor by 365 and multiply by 100)	       %
   b.	Subtract 30%	(      %)
   c.	Obligor’s Adjusted Percentage Share of the Basic Child Support Obligation (subtract result of calculation in line 11b from line 7)	       %
   d.	Obligor’s Preliminary Adjusted Basic Child Support Obligation (multiply line 11c and line 6)	

   e.	Further adjustment, if necessary under subdivision (c)(2)	

   f.	Obligor’s Adjusted Basic Child Support Obligation (Total of line 11d and line 11e)	

   PART III. ADDITIONAL EXPENSES (See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6)


12. a.	Obligor’s Share of Child Care Expenses	

   b.	Obligor’s Share of Health Insurance Premium (if the obligee is paying the premium)	

   c.	Obligee’s Share of the Health Insurance Premium (if the obligor is paying the premium)	(
)
   d.	Obligor’s Share of Unreimbursed Medical Expenses	

   e.	Other Additional Expenses	

   f.	Total Additional Expenses (add lines 12a, b, d, and e, then subtract line 12c)	

13.	Obligor’s Total Monthly Support Obligation (add line 10 or 11f and line 12f, if applicable)	

   PART IV. SPOUSAL SUPPORT OR APL with dependent children


14.	Obligor’s Monthly Net Income (line 4)	

15.	Obligor’s Support, Alimony Pendente Lite, or Alimony Obligations, to Children or Former Spouses who are not part of this action, if any (See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(c)(2))	(
)
16.	Obligee’s Monthly Net Income (line 4)	(
)
17.	Difference (line 14 minus lines 15 and 16)	

18.	Obligor’s Total Monthly Child Support Obligation without Part II Substantial or Shared Custody Adjustment, if any (Obligor’s line 10 plus line 12f)	(
)
19.	Difference (line 17 minus line 18)	

20.	Multiply by 30%	x     30%
21.	Monthly Spousal Support or Alimony Pendente Lite Obligation (line 19 multiplied by line 20)	

Without Dependent Children
22.	Obligor’s Monthly Net Income (line 4)	

23.	Obligor’s Child and Spousal Support, Alimony Pendente Lite or Alimony Obligations to Children or Former Spouses who are not part of this action, if any (Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(c)(2))	(
)
24.	Obligee’s Monthly Net Income (line 4)	(
)
25.	Difference (line 22 minus lines 23 and 24)	

26.	Multiply by 40%	x     40%
27.	Preliminary Monthly Spousal Support or Alimony Pendente Lite Obligation (line 25 multiplied by line 26)	

28.	Adjustments for Other Expenses (See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6) (line 12f)	

29.	Total Monthly Spousal Support or Alimony Pendente Lite Obligation (line 27 plus or minus line 28, as appropriate)	

 (b)  Order For More Than Six Children. When there are more than six children who are the subject of a single support order, the trier-of-fact shall:

   (1)  calculate the basic child support obligations for six children and five children;

   (2)  subtract the basic child support obligation for five children from the basic child support obligation for six children;

   (3)  multiply the difference from subdivision (b)(2) by the number of children in excess of six; and

   (4)  add the amount from subdivision (b)(3) to the basic child support obligation for six children as determined in subdivision (b)(1).

 (c)  Substantial or Equally Shared Physical Custody.

   (1)  Substantial Physical Custody. When a child spends 40% or more of the annual overnights with the obligor, a rebuttable presumption arises that the obligor is entitled to a reduction in the basic child support obligation to reflect the obligor’s increased direct spending on the child during the obligor’s custodial time.

     (i)   This rebuttable presumption also applies in high income cases decided pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3.1.

     (ii)   Except as provided in subdivision (c)(2), the trier-of-fact shall calculate the adjustment pursuant to the formula set forth in subdivision (a)(1)(Part D) or (a)(2)(Part II).

   (2)  Equally Shared Physical Custody. Without regard to which party initiated the support action, when a child spends an equal number of annual overnights with the parties:

     (i)   The formula in subdivision (a)(1)(Part D) or (a)(2)(Part II) cannot be applied unless the obligor is the party with the higher monthly net income.

     (ii)   The trier-of-fact shall not require the party with the lower monthly net income to pay basic child support to the party with the higher monthly net income. However, this subdivision shall not preclude the entry of an order requiring the party with less monthly net income to contribute to additional expenses pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6.

     (iii)   Based upon the evidence presented, the trier-of-fact may enter a support order against either party.

     (iv)   If the support calculation results in the obligee receiving a larger share of the parties’ combined monthly net income, the trier-of-fact:

       (A)   shall adjust the obligor’s basic child support obligation so that the combined monthly net income is allocated equally between the two parties; and

       (B)   shall not award spousal support or alimony pendente lite.

  

   Example 1. If the obligor and the obligee have monthly net incomes of $5,000 and $2,300, respectively, the basic child support obligation is $1,901 for two children. Using the income shares formula in Part I, the obligor’s basic child support obligation is 68%, or $1,293. If the children spend 40% of the annual overnights with the obligor, the formula in Part D or Part II applies to reduce the obligor’s basic child support obligation to 58%, or $1,103. If the children spend 45% of the annual overnights with the obligor, the obligor’s basic child support obligation is reduced to 53%, or $1,008. If the children spend an equal number of the annual overnights with the obligor and obligee, the obligor’s basic child support obligation is reduced to 48%, or $912.

  Example 2. Mother and Father have monthly net incomes of $3,000 and $2,700, respectively. Mother has filed for support for the parties’ two children with whom the parties share time equally. As the parties have equal custody and Mother has the higher monthly net income, Mother cannot be the obligee. Although Mother initiated the support action, she would be the obligor. Pursuant to the Basic Child Support Schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3, the basic child support obligation for two children at the parties’ combined monthly net income is $1,585 per month. Mother’s share is 53%, or $840. Application of the Part II or Part D formula results in a 20% reduction in support when the obligor has 50% custody of the children. Mother’s adjusted percentage share of the basic support obligation is 33% (53% - 20% = 33%) and the preliminary adjusted basic child support obligation is $523 (33% of $1,585). However, as this amount would result in Father having a greater share of the parties’ combined monthly net income ($3,223 vs. $2,477), Mother’s basic child support obligation would be adjusted to $150 per month to allocate the parties’ combined monthly net income equally between the two parties and would be the presumptive basic child support obligation payable to Father under these circumstances.

  

   Example 3. If the obligor and the obligee have monthly net incomes of $3,000 and $2,500, respectively, the basic child support obligation for two children is $1,567. The obligor’s share is 55%, or $862 ($1,567 x 55%). If the children spend equal time with the parties, the formula in Part II or Part D results in a basic child support obligation of $548 ($1,567 x 35%) payable to the obligee. Since this amount results in the obligee having monthly net income of $3,048 and the obligor having monthly net income of $2,452, the obligor’s basic child support obligation would be adjusted to $250 to equalize the combined monthly net income between the parties and would be the presumptive basic child support obligation payable to the obligee under these circumstances.

 (d)  Divided or Split Physical Custody. When Each Party Owes Child Support to the Other Party. Varied Partial or Shared Custodial Schedules.

   (1)  Divided or Split Physical Custody. When Each Party Owes Child Support to the Other Party. When calculating a basic child support obligation and each party owes child support to the other party as a result of the custodial arrangement, the trier-of-fact shall offset the parties’ respective basic child support obligations and award the net difference to the obligee as child support.

  

   Example 1. If the parties have three children, one child resides with Mother and two children reside with Father, and the parties’ monthly net incomes are $4,000 and $2,000 respectively, Mother’s basic child support obligation is calculated using the schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 for two children at the parties’ combined monthly net income of $6,000. The basic child support obligation is $1,628. As Mother’s income is 67% of the parties’ combined monthly net income, Mother’s basic child support obligation for the two children living with Father is $1,091. Father’s basic child support obligation is calculated using the schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 for one child at the parties’ combined monthly net income of $6,000. The basic child support obligation is $1,097. Father’s basic child support obligation for the child living with Mother is $362. Subtracting $362 from $1,091 produces a basic child support obligation of $729 payable to Father as child support.

  

   Example 2. If the parties have two children, one child resides with Mother and the parties equally share custody (50% - 50%) of the other child, and the parties’ monthly net incomes are as set forth in Example 1. The basic child support obligation is calculated using the schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 for the one child primarily residing with Mother at the parties’ combined monthly net income of $6,000, the basic child support obligation is $1,097. Father’s income is 33% of the parties’ combined monthly net income, and the basic child support obligation for the child living with Mother is $362. For Mother’s obligation for the child with the equally shared custody arrangement, using the schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 for one child at the parties’ combined monthly net income of $6,000, the basic child support obligation is $1,097. Mother’s proportionate share of the combined monthly net incomes is 67%, but it is reduced to 47% after applying the shared parenting time adjustment for 50% custody under subdivision (c). Mother’s basic child support obligation for the shared custody child is $516 ($1,097 x 47%). As Mother’s obligation is greater than Father’s obligation, Father is the obligee and receives the net of the two obligations by subtracting $362 from $516, or $154.

   (2)  Varied Partial or Shared Physical Custodial Schedule.

     (i)   The trier-of-fact may reduce a party’s basic child support obligation when the parties have more than one child and each child spends either different amounts of:

       (A)   partial or equally shared custodial time with the higher monthly net income party; or

       (B)   partial custodial time with the lower monthly net income party.

     (ii)   In determining whether a party is entitled to a reduction as provided in subdivision (d)(2)(i):

       (A)   the trier-of-fact shall:

         (I)   add the percentage of annual overnights each child spends with that party; and

         (II)   divide by the number of children to determine the party’s average percentage of custodial time.

       (B)   If the average percentage of custodial time is 40% or more:

         (I)   subdivision (c) applies; and

         (II)   the trier-of-fact shall reduce the party’s basic child support obligation accordingly.

  Example 1. The parties have two children and one child spends 50% of the annual overnights with Mother, who has the higher monthly net income, and the other child spends 20% of the annual overnights with Mother. Add those percentages together and divide by the number of children (50% plus 20% = 70% divided by 2 children = 35% average time with Mother). Pursuant to subdivision (d)(2)(ii)(B), Mother is not entitled to a reduction in the support order for substantial parenting time.

  Example 2. The parties have three children. Two children spend 50% of the annual overnights with Mother, who has the higher monthly net income, and the third child spends 30% of the annual overnights with Mother. Add the percentages of custodial time for all three children together and divide by the number of children (50% plus 50% plus 30% = 130% divided by three children = 43.33% average percentage of time with Mother). Pursuant to subdivision (d)(2)(ii)(B), Mother is entitled to a reduction in the support order for substantial parenting time.

  Example 3. The parties have three children, Mother has primary custody (60% - 40%) of one child, Father has primary custody (60% - 40%) of one child, and the parties share custody (50% - 50%) of the third child. The parties’ monthly net incomes are $2,500 (Mother) and $2,000 (Father). As a result of the custodial arrangement, Father owes support for the child in the primary custody of Mother and Mother owes support for the child in the primary custody of Father and for the child shared equally between the parties. Father’s basic child support obligation is calculated using the schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 for one child at the parties’ combined monthly net income of $4,500. The basic child support obligation is $941. Father’s proportionate share of the combined monthly net incomes is 44%, but is reduced to 34% after applying the shared parenting time adjustment for 40% custody under subdivision (c). Father’s basic child support obligation for this child is $320 ($941 x 34%). Mother’s basic child support obligation is calculated using the schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 for two children at the parties’ combined monthly net income of $4,500. The basic child support obligation is $1,414. Mother has varying partial or shared custody of the two children (40% and 50%). Under subdivision (d)(2), the custodial time is averaged or in this case 45%. Mother’s proportionate share of the combined monthly net incomes is 56%, but it is reduced to 41% after applying the shared parenting time adjustment for 45% custody under subdivision (c). Mother’s basic child support obligation for these children is $580 ($1,414 x 41%). Offsetting the support obligations consistent with subdivision (d)(1), Mother’s obligation is greater than Father’s obligation, and Father is the obligee receiving the net of the two obligations by subtracting $320 from $580, or $260.

   Official Note

   In cases with more than one child and varied partial or shared custodial schedules, it is not appropriate to perform a separate calculation for each child and offset support amounts as that method does not consider the incremental increases in support for more than one child built into the schedule of basic child support.

   (3)  Combined Child Support and Spousal Support or Alimony Pendente Lite. When Each Party Owes Child Support to the Other Party.

     (i)   When one or more children reside with each party, the trier-of-fact shall offset the obligor’s combined spousal support or alimony pendente lite and basic child support obligations with the obligee’s basic child support obligation.

     (ii)   The trier-of-fact shall award the net difference to the obligee as spousal support or alimony pendente lite and basic child support.

 (e)  Support Obligations When Custodial Parent Owes Spousal Support. If a child is residing with the spouse (custodial parent) obligated to pay spousal support or alimony pendente lite and the other spouse (non-custodial parent) has a legal obligation to support the child, the guideline spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation is determined by offsetting the non-custodial parent’s basic child support obligation and the custodial parent’s spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation, and awarding the net difference either to the non-custodial parent as spousal support or alimony pendente lite or to the custodial parent as child support as the circumstances warrant. The calculation is a five-step process:

   (1)  Calculate the custodial parent’s spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation to the non-custodial parent based on the parties’ monthly net incomes using the ‘‘without dependent children’’ formula in either Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(a)(1)(Part B) or (a)(2)(Part IV), as appropriate.

   (2)  Recalculate the parties’ monthly net incomes by adjusting for the spousal support or alimony pendente lite payment paid or received in subdivision (e)(1).

   (3)  Using the recomputed monthly net incomes from subdivision (e)(2), calculate the non-custodial parent’s basic child support obligation to the custodial parent.

   (4)  The final support amount is the difference calculated in subdivision (e)(1) and (e)(3).

     (i)   If the amount in subdivision (e)(1) is greater than the amount in subdivision (e)(3), the final amount is spousal support or alimony pendente lite payable to the non-custodial parent.

     (ii)   If the amount in subdivision (e)(1) is less than the amount in subdivision (e)(3), the final amount is basic child support payable to the custodial parent.

   (5)  If the proceeding is a modification of an order entered before January 1, 2019 that has federal tax consequences associated with spousal support or alimony pendente lite payments and the final order is spousal support or alimony pendente lite as in subdivision (e)(4)(i), the offset spousal support or alimony pendente lite amount is federally taxable, and the trier-of-fact may deviate the final order due to the tax effect, as appropriate.

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.19(h).

Explanatory Comment—2005
   Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(a) sets forth the income shares formula used to establish the support obligation. Subdivision (b) provides the method for calculating support for seven or more children as the basic support schedule in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3 sets forth the presumptive amount of support for up to six children.

   Subdivision (c) sets forth the method for calculating the presumptive amount of support in cases where the children spend 40% or more of their time during the year with the obligor. When there is equal time sharing, subdivision (2) reduces the support obligation further so that the obligor does not pay more than is necessary to equalize the parties’ combined monthly net income between the two households. Subdivision (3) expressly excludes SSR cases from the application of this rule. Since the SSR already reduces support to a minimal level, a further reduction should not be given for the amount of time spent with the children.

   Subdivision (d) relates to the calculation of support in divided or split custody cases. It retains the existing method for offsetting the parties’ respective support obligations when one or more of the children resides with each party.

   Subdivision (e) governs spousal support obligations when the custodial parent owes spousal support. It has not been amended, other than to update the example to be consistent with the new schedule at Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3.

Explanatory Comment—2010
   The basic support schedule incorporates an assumption that the children spend 30% of the time with the obligor and that the obligor makes direct expenditures on their behalf during that time. Variable expenditures, such as food and entertainment, that fluctuate based upon parenting time were adjusted in the schedule to build in the assumption of 30% parenting time. Upward deviation should be considered in cases in which the obligor has little or no contact with the children. However, an upward deviation may not be appropriate if an obligor has infrequent overnight contact with the child, but provides meals and entertainment during daytime contact. Fluctuating expenditures should be considered rather than the extent of overnight time. A downward deviation may be appropriate when the obligor incurs substantial fluctuating expenditures during parenting time but has infrequent overnights with the children.

   The calculation in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(c) reduces an obligor’s support obligation further if the obligor spends significantly more time with the children. The obligor will receive an additional 10% reduction in the amount of support owed at 40% parenting time, increasing incrementally to a 20% reduction at 50% parenting time. This method still may result in a support obligation even if custody of the children is equally shared. In those cases, the rule provides for a maximum obligation so that the obligee does not receive a larger portion of the parties’ combined monthly net income than the obligor.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.16-4 adopted September 6, 1989, effective September 30, 1989, 19 Pa.B. 4151; amended January 27, 1993, effective immediately, 23 Pa.B. 701; amended December 7, 1998, effective April 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 6162; corrected February 5, 1999, effective April 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 645; amended March 2, 2000, effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 1646; amended October 27, 2000, effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 5837; amended June 5, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 3306; amended October 30, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 6273; amended September 24, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 5044; amended November 9, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 6315; amended May 17, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 3216 and 3900; amended September 27, 2005, effective 4 months from the date of this order, 35 Pa.B. 5643; amended January 12, 2010, effective May 12, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 586; amended July 8, 2010, effective September 6, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 4140; amended August 3, 2011, effective in 30 days, 41 Pa.B. 4531; amended August 26, 2011, effective September 30, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 4849, 4851; amended August 3, 2011, effective in 30 days, 41 Pa.B. 6766; amended January 31, 2012, effective February 28, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 930; amended April 9, 2013, effective August 9, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 2272; amended July 2, 2014, effective in 30 days on August 1, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 4476; amended September 25, 2014, effective in 30 days on October 25, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 6553; amended April 29, 2015, effective July 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 2352; amended October 14, 2016, effective January 1, 2017, 46 Pa.B. 6817; amended February 10, 2017, effective May 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 1123; amended February 9, 2018, effective April 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 1093; amended July 30, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 4960; amended December 28, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 170; amended August 17, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 5539. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (395622) to (395636).

Rule 1910.16-5. Support Guidelines. Deviation.
 (a)  Deviation.

   (1)  The trier-of-fact may deviate from the basic child support, spousal support, or alimony pendente lite obligation.

   (2)  If the trier-of-fact determines a deviation is appropriate based on the factors in subdivision (b), the trier-of-fact shall specify on the record or in writing:

     (i)   the calculated basic child support, spousal support, or alimony pendente lite obligation;

     (ii)   the reason for the deviation;

     (iii)   the findings of fact justifying the deviation;

     (iv)   the deviation amount; and

     (v)   in a spousal support or an alimony pendente lite action, the obligation’s duration.

   Official Note

   The deviation applies to the support obligation amount or duration, and not to the party’s monthly net income.

 (b)  Factors. In deciding whether to deviate from the basic child support, spousal support, or alimony pendente lite obligation, the trier-of-fact shall consider:

   (1)  unusual needs and unusual fixed obligations;

   (2)  a party’s other support obligations;

   (3)  other household income;

   (4)  the child’s age;

   (5)  the parties’ relative assets and liabilities;

   (6)  medical expenses not covered by insurance;

   (7)  the parties’ and the child’s standard of living;

   (8)  in a spousal support or alimony pendente lite case, the duration of the marriage from the date of marriage to the date of final separation; and

   (9)  other relevant and appropriate factors, including the child’s best interest.

Explanatory Comment—2005
   Rule 1910.16-5 sets forth the factors for deviation from the presumptive amount of support. Subdivision (c) and subsection (b)(8) permit the court to consider the length of the marriage in determining the amount and duration of a spousal support or alimony pendente lite award. The primary purpose of these provisions is to prevent the unfairness that arises in a short-term marriage when the obligor is required to pay support over a substantially longer period of time than the parties were married and there is little or no opportunity for credit for these payments at the time of equitable distribution.

Explanatory Comment—2010
   The provisions of subdivision (c), which provided that the court must consider the duration of the parties’ marriage in determining the duration of an award of spousal support or alimony pendente lite, were moved to new Rule 1910.16-1(c)(2). The duration of the marriage, from the date of marriage to the date of final separation, remains a factor to consider in determining whether or not deviation from the amount of the award is warranted.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.16-5 adopted September 6, 1989, effective September 30, 1989, 19 Pa.B. 4151; amended January 27, 1993, effective immediately, 23 Pa.B. 701; amended November 4, 1993, effective January 1, 1994, 23 Pa.B. 5527; amended July 15, 1994, effective September 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 3802; amended August 3, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 3338; amended December 7, 1998, effective April 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 6162; amended September 24, 2003, effective immediately, 33 Pa.B. 5075; amended September 27, 2005, effective 4 months from the date of this order, 35 Pa.B. 5643; amended January 12, 2010, effective May 12, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 586; amended August 17, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 5539. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (395636) to (395637).

Rule 1910.16-6. Support Guidelines. Basic Support Obligation Adjustments. Additional Expenses Allocation.
 The trier-of-fact may allocate between the parties the additional expenses in subdivisions (a)—(e). Even when a basic support order is inappropriate under the facts of the case, the trier-of-fact may allocate between the parties the additional expenses.

 Except for the subdivisions (b)(4) and (e) expenses, the trier-of-fact shall calculate the parties’ proportionate share of the additional expenses after adjusting the parties’ monthly net income by the spousal support or alimony pendente lite obligation received or paid, and dividing each party’s adjusted monthly net income by the parties’ combined monthly net income. However, the trier-of-fact shall not adjust the parties’ monthly net incomes when apportioning the expenses in child support only cases.

 (a)  Child Care Expenses.

   (1)  The trier-of-fact:

     (i)   shall allocate reasonable child care expenses paid by the parties, if necessary to maintain employment or appropriate education in pursuit of income.

     (ii)   may allocate reasonable child care expenses that would be paid by the parties when the trier-of-fact imputes an earning capacity to a party pursuant to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.16-2(d)(4)(i)(D).

   (2)  The trier-of-fact may require that the obligor’s share be added to the basic child support obligation, paid directly to the service provider, or paid directly to the obligee.

   (3)  When a party is receiving a child care subsidy through the Department of Human Services, the expense allocated between the parties is the amount actually paid by the party receiving the subsidy.

   (4)  The party seeking allocation of child care expenses shall provide to the other party the expense’s documentation, such as a receipt or an invoice, promptly after receipt unless the service provider invoices the parties separately for the party’s proportionate share of the expense.

   (5)  The trier-of-fact shall have the discretion to not allocate expenses if documentation is not timely provided to the other party.

   (6)  Except as provided in subdivision (a)(7), the total child care expenses shall be reduced to reflect the federal child care tax credit available to the eligible party, regardless of whether the credit is actually claimed by that party, up to the maximum annual cost allowable under the Internal Revenue Code.

   (7)  If the eligible party is not qualified to receive the credit, the federal child care tax credit shall not be used to reduce the child care expenses subject to allocation between the parties.

 

 (b)  Health Insurance Premium.

   (1)  The trier-of-fact shall allocate the health insurance premium paid by the parties, including the premium attributable to the party paying the premium, provided that a statutory duty of support is owed to the party or child covered by the health insurance.

     (i)   If the party paying the health insurance premium is the obligor, the obligee’s share is deducted from the obligor’s basic support obligation.

     (ii)   If the obligee is paying the health insurance premium, the obligor’s share is added to the obligor’s basic support obligation.

     (iii)   A health insurance premium allocated between the parties shall also include health insurance that is provided and paid by a third-party resident of a party’s household (e.g., step-parent) for a child who is the subject of the support order.

   (2)  The trier-of-fact shall not allocate an employer-paid premium or a premium paid for a party, person, or child to whom no statutory duty of support is owed.

     (i)   If the parties present evidence of the excluded premium’s actual amount—the amount attributed to a party, person, or child not owed a statutory duty of support—the trier-of-fact shall deduct the actual amount excluded from the total premium before allocating the health insurance premium between the parties.

     (ii)   If the parties do not present evidence of the excluded premium’s actual amount, the trier-of-fact shall calculate the excluded amount as follows:

       (A)   determine the premium’s cost per person by dividing the total premium by the number of persons covered under the policy;

       (B)   multiply the cost per person by the number of persons who are not owed a statutory duty of support, or are not parties to, or the subject of, the support action; and

       (C)   the resulting amount is excluded from allocation.

 

   (3)  Pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  4326(a), in every support proceeding, the trier-of-fact shall ascertain a parent’s ability to provide medical support for the parties’ child and the support ‘‘order shall include a requirement for medical support to be provided by either or both parents, provided that such medical support is accessible to the children.’’

     (i)   The obligor bears the initial responsibility of providing the child’s health care coverage if it is available at a reasonable cost.

       (A)   ‘‘Reasonable cost’’ to an obligor shall be defined as an amount that does not exceed 5% of the obligor’s monthly net income and, when added to the basic child support obligation plus additional expenses the obligor is ordered to pay, does not exceed 50% of the obligor’s monthly net income.

       (B)   If the obligee is providing the coverage, the ‘‘reasonable cost’’ of the obligor’s share shall be defined as an amount that does not exceed 5% of the obligor’s monthly net income and, when added to the basic child support obligation plus additional expenses the obligor is ordered to pay, does not exceed 50% of the obligor’s monthly net income.

     (ii)   Unless the child’s health care coverage is provided by the obligee or a third party, the court shall issue the National Medical Support Notice required by 23 Pa.C.S. §  4326(d.1) to the obligor’s employer in response to notification that the obligor is employed.

       (A)   The notice shall direct the employer to enroll the obligor’s child who is the subject of the support proceeding if the coverage is available at a reasonable cost to the obligor.

       (B)   However, the notice shall direct that enrollment shall not occur earlier than 25 days from the date of the National Medical Support Notice to allow the obligor time to object.

       (C)   Concurrent with the issuance of the National Medical Support Notice, the court shall provide notice to the obligor setting forth the process to object to the enrollment based upon unreasonable cost, mistake of fact, or availability of alternative health care coverage for the child.

       (D)   If there is more than one employer-provided health care coverage option, the obligor shall select the coverage, subject to the obligee’s right to seek a court order designating a different option.

     (iii)   Absent the availability of health care coverage to the obligor for the parties’ child at a reasonable cost, the court shall order the obligee to provide health care coverage for the child if it is available at a reasonable cost. ‘‘Reasonable cost’’ to the obligee shall be defined as an amount not to exceed 5% of the obligee’s monthly net income.

     (iv)   If health care coverage is not available to the parties at a reasonable cost, the court may order the party having primary custody to apply for government-sponsored coverage, such as the Children’s Health Insurance Program (‘‘CHIP’’), with any co-premium or other cost apportioned between the parties in proportion to the parties’ respective monthly net incomes.

     (v)   Within 30 days after the entry of the support order, the party ordered to provide health care coverage shall provide written proof to the other party that medical insurance has been obtained, including insurance cards and all other materials set forth in the form order in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.27(e). There shall be a continuing obligation to provide the other party and the domestic relations section with proof of any changes in coverage.

     (vi)   The trier-of-fact shall give preference to health care coverage that is readily accessible to the child, as defined by geographic coverage area, access to local treatment providers, or other relevant factors.

 

   (4)  If the obligor is paying for the health insurance, the obligee has no income or minimal income, and the obligor will bear 90% or more of the health insurance premium:

     (i)   the trier-of-fact may, as fairness requires, deduct part or all of the premium actually paid by the obligor to provide coverage for the other party or the child from the obligor’s gross income to determine monthly net income for support purposes.

     (ii)   If such a deduction is taken from the obligor’s gross income, the premium allocation as set forth in subdivision (b)(1) shall not be applied.

 (c)  Reasonable Unreimbursed Medical Expenses. The trier-of-fact shall allocate the obligee’s or child’s reasonable unreimbursed medical expenses. However, the trier-of-fact shall not allocate reasonable unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by a party who is not owed a statutory duty of support by the other party. The trier-of-fact may require that the obligor’s expense share be included in the basic support obligation, paid directly to the health care provider, or paid directly to the obligee.

   (1)  Medical Expenses.

     (i)   For purposes of this subdivision, medical expenses are annual unreimbursed medical expenses in excess of $250 per person.

     (ii)   Medical expenses include insurance co-payments and deductibles and all expenses reasonably incurred for necessary medical services and supplies, including but not limited to surgical, dental, and optical services, psychiatric and psychological services, and orthodontia.

     (iii)   Medical expenses do not include cosmetic, chiropractic, or other services unless specifically directed in the order of court.

   (2)  The trier-of-fact may impose an annual limitation when the burden on the obligor would otherwise be excessive.

   (3)  Annual expenses shall be calculated on a calendar year basis.

     (i)   In the year in which the initial support order is entered, or in any period in which support is being paid that is less than a full year, the $250 threshold shall be pro-rated.

     (ii)   The party seeking allocation for an unreimbursed medical expense shall provide to the other party the expense’s documentation, such as a receipt or an invoice, promptly upon receipt, but not later than March 31st of the year following the calendar year in which the final bill was received by the party seeking allocation.

     (iii)   For purposes of subsequent enforcement, unreimbursed medical bills need not be submitted to the domestic relations section prior to March 31st.

     (iv)   The trier-of-fact shall have the discretion to not allocate an expense if documentation is not timely provided to the other party.

   (4)  If the trier-of-fact determines that out-of-network unreimbursed medical expenses were not obtained due to medical emergency or other compelling factors, the trier-of-fact may deem those expenses to be unreasonable and decline to assess the expenses against the other party.

 

 (d)  Private School Tuition or Summer Camp. Other Additional Expenses. Expenses outside the scope of typical child-rearing expenses, such as private school tuition, summer camp fees, and other additional expenses as set forth in subdivision (d)(2), have not been factored into the Basic Child Support Schedule.

   (1)  Private School Tuition or Summer Camp. If the trier-of-fact determines that private school or summer camp is reasonable under the parties’ circumstances, the trier-of-fact shall apportion the expense to the parties.

   (2)  Other Additional Expenses. The trier-of-fact shall apportion an additional expense to the parties, if the trier-of-fact determines that the expense:

     (i)   is related to the child’s educational, extra-curricular, or developmental activities; and

     (ii)   is reasonable under the parties’ circumstances.

   (3)  The trier-of-fact may require that a party’s proportionate share of a subdivision (d)(1) or (d)(2) expense is:

     (i)   included in or excluded from the basic child support obligation;

     (ii)   paid directly to the service provider; or

     (iii)   paid directly to the other party.

   (4)  Documentation.

     (i)   The party seeking allocation of an expense shall provide the other party with the expense’s documentation, such as a receipt or an invoice, promptly upon receipt, but not later than March 31st of the year following the calendar year in which the party incurred the expense, unless the service provider invoices the parties separately.

     (ii)   For subsequent enforcement purposes, a party does not need to submit the expense’s documentation to the domestic relations section before March 31.

     (iii)   The trier-of-fact shall have the discretion to not allocate an expense if documentation is not timely provided to the other party.

 (e)  Mortgage Payment. The support guidelines assume that the spouse occupying the marital residence will be solely responsible for the mortgage payment, real estate taxes, and homeowners’ insurance. Similarly, the trier-of-fact shall assume that the party occupying the marital residence will be paying the items listed unless the recommendation specifically provides otherwise.

   (1)  If the obligee is living in the marital residence and the mortgage payment exceeds 25% of the obligee’s monthly net income (including amounts of spousal support, alimony pendente lite, and child support), the trier-of-fact may require the obligor to assume up to 50% of the excess amount in the obligor’s support obligation.

   (2)  If the obligor is occupying the marital residence and the mortgage payment exceeds 25% of the obligor’s monthly net income (less any amount of spousal support, alimony pendente lite, and child support the obligor is paying), the trier-of-fact may downwardly adjust the obligor’s support obligation.

   (3)  This rule shall not be applicable after a final resolution of the outstanding economic claims in the parties’ divorce action.

   (4)  For purposes of this subdivision, ‘‘mortgage’’ shall include a first mortgage, real estate taxes, and homeowners’ insurance and may include a subsequent mortgage, a home equity loan, and other marital obligations secured by the marital residence.

Comment:
   Subdivision (a)(1)(i) Example: Mother has primary custody of the parties’ two children and Father has partial custody. The parties’ respective monthly net incomes are $2,000 and $3,500. At the combined monthly net income of $5,500 for two children, the basic child support obligation is $1,567. As Father’s income represents 64% of the parties’ combined monthly net income, Father’s basic child support obligation is $1,003. Mother incurs monthly child care expenses of $400, and Father incurs $100 per month. The total child care expenses, $500, will be apportioned between the parties, with Father paying 64%, or $320. As Father is paying $100 for the children’s child care during his partial custody, he would pay the remaining $220 to Mother for a total child support obligation of $1,223 ($1,003 + $220).

   Subdivision (b) does not apply to Medical Assistance. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  4326(l).

   Subdivision (b)(1)-(b)(2) Example 1: If the parties are separated, but not divorced, and Husband pays $200 monthly for employer-provided health insurance for himself, Wife, the parties’ child, and two additional children from a previous marriage, the premium attributable to the additional two children, if not otherwise verifiable or known with reasonable ease and certainty, is calculated by dividing $200 by five persons and then multiplying the resulting amount of $40 per person by the two additional children, for a total of $80 to be excluded from allocation. Deduct this amount from the total premium to arrive at the premium to be allocated between the parties—$120. Since Husband is paying the premium, and spouses have a statutory duty to support one another pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  4321, Wife’s percentage share of the $120 is deducted from Husband’s support obligation. If Wife had been providing the coverage, Husband’s percentage share would be added to his basic support obligation.

   Subdivision (b)(1)-(b)(2) Example 2: If the parties are divorced and Father pays $200 monthly for employer-provided health insurance for himself, the parties’ child, and two additional children from a previous marriage, the premium attributable to Father and the two additional children will not be allocated between the parties. Thus, using the same calculations in Example 1, the premium attributable to Father and the two other children is $150 ($200 premium divided among four covered persons equals $50 per person multiplied by three) and that amount is deducted from the total premium, leaving $50 ($200 - $150 = $50) to be allocated between the parties.

   Subdivision (b)(1)-(b)(2) Example 3: The parties are divorced, and Mother is the obligee of a child support order. Father, the obligor, pays $200 monthly for employer-provided health insurance for himself and the parties’ child. Mother pays $400 per month for her employer-provided health insurance that covers only herself. The premium Father pays to cover the parties’ child, $100 ($200 premium divided between two covered persons, Father and the child), will be allocated between the parties in proportion to their respective monthly net incomes. The premium that covers Father will not be allocated because the parties are no longer married, and he is not owed a duty of support by Mother. The premium Mother pays to provide her own coverage will not be allocated because the parties are no longer married and she is not owed a duty of support by Father.

   Concerning subdivision (b)(3), the maximum amount of any attachment for child and medical support is set forth by the federal Consumer Credit Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. § §  1601 et seq.

   Subdivision (c) is intended to implement 23 Pa.C.S. §  4326(e).

   An unreimbursed medical expense may be unreasonable if it was an avoidable expense incurred solely by the party requesting reimbursement, e.g., expenses for missed office visits, excessive supplies, purchases of name brand medications when generic medications are suitable and available, denial of insurance coverage because of a failure to comply with plan requirements, or non-emergency out-of-network expenses pursuant to subdivision (c)(4).

   The determination of medical necessity of a medical service or medical supplies can be made in a support proceeding or a custody proceeding. Even if challenged during a support proceeding (rather than a custody proceeding), the necessity of a medical service or medical supplies, which results in an unreimbursed medical expense for which a party seeks allocation subject to subdivision (c)(1)(ii), should be determined by the trier-of-fact, and subject to review by a judge if the trier-of-fact is not a judge.

   If the trier-of-fact determines that a party acted reasonably in obtaining services that were not specifically set forth in the order of support, payment for such services may be ordered retroactively.

   Pursuant to subdivision (c)(1)(iii), medical expenses for cosmetic, chiropractic, or other services may be, but are not required to be, allocated between the parties by the trier-of-fact if such expenses are reasonable and necessary.

Historical Commentary
   The following commentary is historical in nature and represents statements of the Committee at the time of rulemaking:

Explanatory Comment—2004
   Subdivision (a), relating to the federal child care tax credit, has been amended to reflect recent amendments to the Internal Revenue Code, 26 U.S.C. §  21. By generally referencing the Tax Code, rather than incorporating current Code provisions in the rule, further amendments will be incorporated into the support calculation.

Explanatory Comment—2005
   Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6 governs the treatment of additional expenses that warrant an adjustment to the basic support obligation.

   Subdivision (a) relates to child care expenses. Subdivision (a) has been amended to require that child care expenses incurred by either party are to be allocated between the parties in proportion to their respective net incomes. Subsection (a)(1), relating to the federal child care tax credit, was amended in 2004 to reflect recent amendments to the Internal Revenue Code. 26 U.S.C. §  21. By referring to the Tax Code in general, rather than incorporating current Code provisions in the rule, any further amendments will be incorporated into the support calculation. Since the tax credit may be taken only against taxes owed, it cannot be used when the eligible parent does not incur sufficient tax liability to fully realize the credit. For this reason, subsection (2) provides that no adjustment to the total child care expenses may be made if the eligible parent does not qualify to receive the credit.

   Subdivision (b) addresses health insurance premiums. The cost of the premiums is generally treated as an additional expense to be allocated between the parties in proportion to their net incomes. Subdivision (b)(1) of the rule permits allocation of the entire premium, including the portion of the premium covering the party carrying the insurance, when the insurance benefits the other party and/or the children. Subdivision (b)(2) clarifies that, in calculating the amount of the health care premium to be allocated between the parties, subdivision (b)(1) requires the inclusion of that portion of the health insurance premium covering the party who is paying the premium, so long as there is a statutory duty of support owed to that party, but not the portion of the premium attributable to non-parties and children who are not the subjects of the support order. Subdivision (b)(2) provides for proration of the premium when the health insurance covers other persons who are not subject to the support action or owed a statutory duty of support. Subdivision (b) also permits an alternative method for dealing with the cost of health insurance premiums in certain circumstances. While, in general, the cost of the premiums will be treated as an additional expense to be allocated between the parties in proportion to their net incomes, in cases in which the obligee has no income or minimal income, subsection (4) authorizes the trier-of-fact to reduce the obligor’s gross income for support purposes by some or all of the amount of the health insurance premiums. This is to avoid the result under a prior rule in which the entire cost of health insurance would have been borne by the obligor, with no resulting reduction in the amount of support he or she would otherwise be required to pay under the support guidelines. The goal of this provision is to encourage and facilitate the maintenance of health insurance coverage for dependents by giving the obligor a financial incentive to maintain health insurance coverage.

   Subdivision (c) deals with unreimbursed medical expenses. Since the first $250 of medical expenses per year per child is built into the basic guideline amount in the child support schedule, only medical expenses in excess of $250 per year per child are subject to allocation under this rule as an additional expense to be added to the basic support obligation. The same is true with respect to spousal support so that the obligee-spouse is expected to assume the first $250 per year of these expenses and may seek contribution under this rule only for unreimbursed expenses which exceed $250 per year. The definition of ‘‘medical expenses’’ includes insurance co-payments, deductibles and orthodontia and excludes chiropractic services.

   Subdivision (d) governs apportionment of private school tuition, summer camp and other unusual needs not reflected in the basic guideline amounts of support. The rule presumes allocation in proportion to the parties’ net incomes consistent with the treatment of the other additional expenses.

   Subdivision (e) provides for the apportionment of mortgage expenses. It defines ‘‘mortgage’’ to include the real estate taxes and homeowners’ insurance. While real estate taxes and homeowners’ insurance must be included if the trier-of-fact applies the provisions of this subdivision, the inclusion of second mortgages, home equity loans and other obligations secured by the marital residence is within the trier-of-fact’s discretion based upon the circumstances of the case.

Explanatory Comment—2006
   A new introductory sentence in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6 clarifies that additional expenses contemplated in the rule may be allocated between the parties even if the parties’ respective incomes do not warrant an award of basic support. Thus, even if application of either formula Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4 results in a basic support obligation of zero, the trier-of-fact may enter a support order allocating between the parties any or all of the additional expenses addressed in this rule.

   The amendment of subdivision (e) recognizes that the obligor may be occupying the marital residence and that, in particular circumstances, justice and fairness may warrant an adjustment in his or her support obligation.

Explanatory Comment—2008
   Federal and state statutes require clarification to subdivision (b) to ensure that all court orders for support address the children’s ongoing need for medical care. In those instances where the children’s health care needs are paid by the state’s medical assistance program, and eligibility for the Children’s Health Insurance Program (‘‘CHIP’’) is denied due to the minimal income of the custodial parent, the obligor remains required to enroll the parties’ children in health insurance that is, or may become, available that is reasonable in cost.

   Government-sponsored health care plans represent a viable alternative to the often prohibitive cost of health insurance obtainable by a parent. Except for very low income children, every child is eligible for CHIP, for which the parent with primary physical custody must apply and which is based on that parent’s income. A custodial parent may apply for CHIP by telephone or on the Internet. While co-premiums or co-pays increase as the custodial parent’s income increases, such costs are generally modest and should be apportioned between the parties. Moreover, health care coverage obtained by the custodial parent generally yields more practical results, as the custodial parent resides in the geographic coverage area, enrollment cards are issued directly to the custodial parent, and claims may be submitted directly by the custodial parent.

Explanatory Comment—2010
   Subdivision (e), relating to mortgages on the marital residence, has been amended to clarify that the rule cannot be applied after a final order of equitable distribution has been entered. To the extent that Isralsky v. Isralsky, 824 A.2d 1178 (Pa. Super. 2003), holds otherwise, it is superseded. At the time of resolution of the parties’ economic claims, the former marital residence will either have been awarded to one of the parties or otherwise addressed.

Explanatory Comment—2018
   The amendments provide for an adjustment to the parties’ monthly net incomes prior to determining the percentage each party pays toward the expenses set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6. Previously, the Rules of Civil Procedure apportioned the enumerated expenses in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6(a)—(d), with the exception of subdivision (c)(5), between the parties based on the parties’ respective monthly net incomes as calculated pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2. This apportionment did not consider the amount of support paid by the obligor or received by the obligee.

   The amended rule adjusts the parties’ monthly net incomes, upward or downward, by the spousal support/APL amount paid or received by that party prior to apportioning the expenses. This methodology is not new to the Rules of Civil Procedure. In Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6(c)(5) (rescinded), the parties’ monthly net incomes in spousal support/APL-only cases were similarly adjusted prior to the apportionment of unreimbursed medical expenses. Likewise, Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6(e) considers the parties’ monthly net income after the receipt or payment of the support obligation for purposes of determining a mortgage deviation. As the new procedure adopts the methodology in former subdivision (c)(5), that subdivision has been rescinded as delineating the spousal support only circumstance is unnecessary.

   Lastly, the amendment consolidates Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6(b)(1), (2), and (2.1).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.16-6 adopted December 7, 1998, effective April 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 6162; amended October 27, 2000, effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 5837; amended June 5, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 3306; amended October 30, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 6273; amended October 31, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 5632; amended July 30, 2003, effective immediately, 33 Pa.B. 4073; amended September 24, 2003, effective immediately, 33 Pa.B. 5075; amended November 9, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 6315; amended May 17, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 3216 and 3900; amended September 27, 2005, effective 4 months from the date of this order, 35 Pa.B. 5643; amended October 17, 2006, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 6632; amended August 13, 2008, effective October 12, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 4736; amended December 8, 2009, effective immediately, 39 Pa.B. 7097; amended January 12, 2010, effective May 12, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 586; amended July 8, 2010, effective September 6, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 4140; amended August 26, 2011, effective September 30, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 4851; amended April 9, 2013, effective August 9, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 2272; amended May 14, 2014, effective in 30 days on June 13, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 3233; amended March 12, 2015, effective in 30 days on April 11, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 1842; amended February 10, 2017, effective May 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 1123; amended June 23, 2017, effective on October 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 3744; amended December 28, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 170; amended August 17, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 5539; amended October 25, 2024, effective immediately, 54 Pa.B. 7348; amended April 15, 2025, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 2985. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (421236) to (421244).

Rule 1910.16-7. Support Guidelines. Multiple Family Child Support Obligations.
 (a)  When an obligor’s basic child support obligations total 50% or less of the obligor’s monthly net income, there will be no deviation from the basic support obligation on the ground of the existence of a new family.

  Example: If the obligor requests a reduction of support for one child of the first marriage on the basis that there is a new child of the second intact marriage, and the relevant monthly net incomes are $2,500 for the obligor, $500 for the former spouse, and $1,300 for the current spouse, the request for a reduction will be denied because the obligor’s basic support obligations total $1,138 ($576 for the first child and $562 for the second child) and are less than half of the obligor’s monthly net income.

 (b)  When the total of the obligor’s basic support obligations exceeds 50% of the obligor’s monthly net income, the trier-of-fact may proportionately reduce the basic support obligations.

   (1)  The goal of the guidelines is to treat each child equitably, and a first or later family shall not receive preference.

   (2)  The trier-of-fact shall not divide the basic child support obligations for all of the obligor’s children among the households in which those children live.

  Example 1. The obligor is sued for support of an out-of-wedlock child. The obligor is already paying support for two children of the first marriage, and has an intact second marriage with one child. The relevant monthly net incomes are $3,800 for the obligor, $1,100 for the former spouse, $0 for the current spouse, and $1,500 for the parent of the new child. The obligor’s basic child support obligations to each family are $1,140 for the two children of the first marriage, $854 for the one child of the second marriage, and $743 for the one child out of wedlock for a total of $2,737. Since the total of these obligations exceeds 50% of the obligor’s monthly net income of $3,800, the trier-of-fact may consider a proportional reduction of the orders.

  Example 2. The obligor is sued for support of three children of a second marriage. There is already an order in effect for two children of the first marriage. The relevant monthly net incomes are $2,500 for the obligor, $0 for the first spouse, and $500 for the second spouse. The obligor’s basic child support obligation to each family is $877 for the two children of the first marriage and $1,040 for the three children of the second marriage for a total support obligation of $1,917. Since the total obligation leaves the obligor with only $583 on which to live, the orders are too high as the obligor must be left with a Self-Support Reserve of $1,063. However, reducing the order for three children while leaving the existing order intact would give preference to the first family, contrary to the rule. Therefore, both orders shall be reduced proportionally.

  Example 3. The obligor is sued by three obligees to establish orders for three children. The monthly net income for the obligor and for each obligee is $1,500. The trier-of-fact would determine that the obligor’s basic child support obligation for each child is $346 for a total of $1,038 for three children. It would be incorrect to determine the basic child support obligation for three children, in this case $1,253, and divide that amount among the three children. As the obligations exceed 50% of the obligor’s monthly net income, the support orders should be reduced proportionately consistent with subdivision (b) and ensure the obligor retains the Self-Support Reserve of $1,063 consistent with Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(e).

 (c)  Presumptive Basic Support Obligation.

   (1)  For purposes of this rule, the obligor’s presumptive basic support obligation:

     (i)   is calculated using only the formula in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4; and

     (ii)   does not include any additional expenses that may be added pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6.

   (2)  In calculating the obligor’s presumptive basic support obligation, the trier-of-fact shall ensure that the obligor retains at least $1,063 per month consistent with Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-2(e).

  Example 1. Assume that the obligor is paying $553 per month support for one child of the first marriage, plus an additional $200 per month for child care expenses. The obligor requests a reduction in this support obligation on the basis that there is one new child of the second intact marriage. The relevant incomes are $2,400 for the obligor and $0 for the former and current spouses. The obligor’s request for a reduction shall be denied because the total of the basic support obligations for both children is only $1,106 ($553 for each child) and does not exceed 50% of the obligor’s monthly net income. A reduction shall not be given on the basis that the obligor’s contribution to child care expenses for the first child results in an total basic support child obligation of $1,306, which exceeds 50% of the obligor’s monthly net income. The presumptive basic child support obligations for the two children still total $1,106 ($553 for each child). The trier-of-fact shall consider the deviation factors under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-5 and the parties’ respective contributions to additional expenses under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6 in arriving at an appropriate total child support obligation for each child.

  

   Example 2. Assume that the obligor is paying $346 per month support for one child of the first marriage. The obligor has one new child of the second intact marriage. The relevant incomes are $1,500 for the obligor and $0 for the former and current spouses. A reduction shall not be given on the basis of the obligor’s new child because the presumptive basic child support obligations total $692 ($346 for each child) and this amount does not exceed 50% of the obligor’s monthly net income. Since, however, this amount leaves the obligor with only $808 per month, the trier-of-fact shall proportionally reduce the basic child support obligations so that the obligor retains $1,063 per month. The presumptive basic child support obligations total $437 ($218.50 for each child). The trier-of-fact shall consider the deviation factors under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-5 and the parties’ respective contributions to additional expenses under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6 in arriving at an appropriate total child support obligation for each child.

Explanatory Comment—2010
   Rule 1910.16-7 has been amended to reflect the updated schedule in Rule 1910.16-3 and the increase in the Self-Support Reserve to $867 per month, the 2008 federal poverty level for one person. The distribution priorities formerly in subdivision (d) have been moved to Rule 1910.17(d) to clarify that these priorities apply to all support orders, not just those involving multiple families.

Explanatory Comment—2013
   Rule 1910.16-7 has been amended to reflect the updated schedule in Rule 1910.16-3 and the increase in the Self-Support Reserve to $931 per month, the 2012 federal poverty level for one person.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.16-7 adopted December 7, 1998, effective April 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 6162; amended October 30, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 6273; amended October 31, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 5632; amended September 27, 2005, effective 4 months from the date of this order, 35 Pa.B. 5643; amended August 13, 2008, effective October 12, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 4736; amended January 12, 2010, effective May 12, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 586; amended April 9, 2013, effective August 9, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 2272; amended September 25, 2014, effective in 30 days on October 25, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 6553; amended February 10, 2017, effective May 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 1123; amended February 9, 2018, effective April 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 1093; amended August 17, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 5539. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (395644) to (395647).

Rule 1910.17. Support Order. Effective Date. Change of Circumstances. Copies of Order. Priority of Distribution of Payments.
 (a)  An order of support shall be effective from the date of the filing of the complaint or petition for modification unless the order specifies otherwise. In a child support case, if a change in custody occurs after the date of filing, but before a domestic relations conference is held, the trier of fact shall enter a charging order going forward in favor of the primary custodian that shall be effective from the date of the change in custody. The trier of fact also may enter a retroactive arrears order in favor of the party who was the primary custodian at the time of filing. Such an order may address the period from the date of fining to the date of the change in custody. However, a modification of an existing support order may be retroactive to a date preceding the date of filing if the petitioner was precluded from filing a petition for modification by reason of a significant physical or mental disability, misrepresentation of another party or other compelling reason and if the petitioner, when no longer precluded, promptly filed a petition.

  Example: Mother has primary custody of the children and files for child support. Two months later, Father becomes the primary custodian. One month after the change in custody, a support conference is held. Father will be the obligee on a charging order that is retroactive to the date he became the primary custodian. However, an order also may be entered with Mother as the obligee for the two-month period from the date of filing to the date of the change in custody.

   Official Note

   The order must direct payment to be made payable to or payment to be made to the State Collection and Disbursement Unit for transmission to the obligee. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  4325.

   Subdivision (a) was amended in 2005 to include the statutory provision at 23 Pa.C.S. §  4352(e) that authorizes the court to enter a modified order that is effective to a date prior to the date on which the petition for modification was filed in certain circumstances. To the effect that the holding in Kelleher v. Bush, 832 A.2d 483 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2003), is inconsistent, it is superseded. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  4352(e) for additional provisions.

 Every order of support must contain an immediate or conditional order for the attachment of income. See Rule 1910.21.

 (b) The order shall notify the obligee and the obligor that each is under a continuing obligation to inform the domestic relations section in writing or by personal appearance and all other parties in writing within seven days of any material change in circumstances relevant to the level of support or the administration of the support order, including, but not limited to, loss or change of income or employment and change of personal address or change of address of any child receiving support. The order shall also notify the parties that if a party willfully fails to inform the domestic relations section of the required information, the court may adjudge the party to be in contempt of court pursuant to Rules 1910.25 through 1910.25-6 and may order the party to be punished by one or more of the following: jail, fine or probation.

 (c)  A copy of the support order shall be provided to each party to the action and to the party’s attorney, if any, pursuant to Rule 440.

 (d)  The priorities for distribution of payments and/or collections from the obligor, without regard to the source of the funds or method of collection, are as follows:

   (1)  monthly current child support.

   (2)  medical, child care or other court-ordered child support-related expenses.

   (3)  monthly ordered amount toward child support arrears.

   (4)  monthly current spousal support or alimony pendente lite.

   (5)  remaining child support arrears.

   (6)  monthly ordered amount toward spousal support or alimony pendente lite arrears.

   (7)  remaining spousal support or alimony pendente lite arrears.

   (8)  court costs and fees.

Explanatory Comment—2010
   Subdivision (d) has been moved from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-7 and expanded for clarification. It addresses the priority of the distribution of payments and collections in all cases, not just those involving multiple families. However, collections realized through the interception of federal tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service are subject to federal distribution priorities. See 45 CFR §  303.72(h). An unallocated order for child support and spousal support or child support and alimony pendente lite has the same priority as a child support order.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.17 amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended November 22, 1994, effective January 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6137; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended May 17, 2005, effective immediately, 35 Pa.B. 3216 and 3900; amended January 12, 2010, effective May 12, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 586; amended August 26, 2011, effective November 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 4847; amended September 25, 2014, effective in 30 days on October 25, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 6553; amended July 30, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 4960. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390547) to (390548).

Rule 1910.18. Support Order. Subsequent Proceedings. Modification of Spousal Support or Alimony Pendente Lite Orders Entered Before January 1, 2019.
 (a)  Subsequent support order modification or termination proceedings pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.19 shall be brought in the court that entered the order. If the action has been transferred pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.2 following the entry of a support order, subsequent proceedings shall be brought in the court to which the action was transferred.

 (b)  Subsequent support order enforcement proceedings pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.20 may be brought in the court that entered the support order or the court to which the order has been transferred.

 (c)  Subdivision (a) shall not limit the plaintiff’s right to institute additional support proceedings in a county of proper venue.

 (d)  Unless a modification provides that the Internal Revenue Code, as amended by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Pub.L. No. 115-97), expressly applies, an order entered before January 1, 2019 that includes spousal support or alimony pendente lite is governed by the Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(a)(2)(Part IV) formula.

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(a)(1)(Part B) or (2)(Part IV), as relevant.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.18 amended December 18, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 16; amended December 28, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 170. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (387909).

Rule 1910.19. Support. Modification. Termination. Guidelines as Substantial Change in Circumstances. Overpayments.
 (a)  A petition for modification or termination of an existing support order shall specifically aver the material and substantial change in circumstances upon which the petition is based. A new guideline amount resulting from new or revised support guidelines may constitute a material and substantial change in circumstances. The existence of additional income, income sources or assets identified through automated methods or otherwise may also constitute a material and substantial change in circumstances.

 (b)  The procedure upon the petition shall be in accordance with Rule 1910.10 et seq. After a party has filed a petition for modification of a child support order, the petition may not be withdrawn unless both parties consent or with leave of court. A petition for modification of spousal support or alimony pendente lite may be withdrawn without the consent of the other party or leave of court.

 (c)  Pursuant to a petition for modification, the trier-of-fact may modify or terminate the existing support order in any appropriate manner based on the evidence presented without regard to which party filed the petition for modification. If the trier-of-fact finds that there has been a material and substantial change in circumstances, the order may be increased or decreased based on the parties’ respective monthly net incomes, consistent with the support guidelines, existing law, and Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.18(d), and the party’s custodial time with the child at the time the modification petition is heard.

 (d)  All charging orders for spousal support and alimony pendente lite shall terminate upon the death of the payee spouse.

 (e)  Within six months prior to the date a child who is the subject of a child support order reaches eighteen (18) years of age, the domestic relations section shall issue an emancipation inquiry and notice to the obligee, with a copy to the obligor, seeking the following information:

   (1)  confirmation of the child’s date of birth, date of graduation or withdrawal from high school;

   (2)  whether the child has left the obligee’s household and, if so, the date of departure;

   (3)  the existence of any agreement between the parties requiring payments for the benefit of the child after the child has reached age eighteen (18) or graduated from high school; and

   (4)  any special needs of the child which may be a basis for continuing support for that child beyond the child’s eighteenth birthday or graduation from high school, whichever is last to occur.

 The notice shall advise the obligee that if the inquiry is not returned within thirty (30) days of mailing or if there is no agreement or the child does not have any special needs, the charging order may be modified or terminated by the court. In order to avoid overpayment, when no other children are subjects of the child support order and the obligee either does not return the emancipation inquiry within thirty (30) days of its mailing or does not assert grounds for continuing support for the child, then the domestic relations section shall administratively terminate the child support charging order without further proceedings on the last to occur of the date the last child reaches age eighteen (18) or graduates from high school. Termination of the charging order shall not affect any arrears accrued through the date of termination. The court shall have the authority to enter an order requiring the obligor to pay on arrears in an amount equal to the amount of the charging order until all arrears are paid.

 If the order applies to another child or children and/or the obligee asserts that there is an agreement between the parties or that a child has special needs requiring continued support, then the domestic relations section may schedule a conference prior to the child’s attaining age 18 or graduating from high school to determine if the charging order should be modified.

 (f)  Upon notice to the obligee, with a copy to the obligor, explaining the basis for the proposed modification or termination, the court may modify or terminate a charging order for support and remit any arrears, all without prejudice, when it appears to the court that:

   (1)  the order is no longer able to be enforced under state law; or

   (2)  the obligor is unable to pay, has no known income or assets and there is no reasonable prospect that the obligor will be able to pay in the foreseeable future.

 The notice shall advise the obligee to contact the domestic relations section within 60 days of the date of the mailing of the notice if the obligee wishes to contest the proposed modification or termination. If the obligee objects, the domestic relations section shall schedule a conference to provide the obligee the opportunity to contest the proposed action. If the obligee does not respond to the notice or object to the proposed action, the court shall have the authority to modify or terminate the order and remit any arrears, without prejudice.

 (g)  Overpayments.

   (1)  Order in Effect. If there is an overpayment in an amount in excess of two months of the monthly support obligation and a charging order remains in effect, after notice to the parties as set forth below, the domestic relations section shall reduce the charging order by 20% or an amount sufficient to retire the overpayment by the time the charging order is terminated. The notice shall advise the parties to contact the domestic relations section within 30 days of the date of the mailing of the notice if either or both of them wishes to contest the proposed reduction of the charging order. If either party objects, the domestic relations section shall schedule a conference to provide the objecting party the opportunity to contest the proposed action. If neither party responds to the notice or objects to the proposed action, the domestic relations section shall have the authority to reduce the charging order.

   (2)  Order Terminated. If there is an overpayment in any amount and there is no charging order in effect, within one year of the termination of the charging order, the former obligor may file a petition with the domestic relations section seeking recovery of the overpayment. A copy shall be served upon the former obligee as original process. The domestic relations section shall schedule a conference on the petition, which shall be conducted consistent with the rules governing support actions. The domestic relations section shall have the authority to enter an order against the former obligee for the amount of the overpayment in a monthly amount to be determined by the trier of fact after consideration of the former obligee’s ability to pay.

 (h)  Modification of a Support Order with Child Support and Spousal Support or Child Support and Alimony Pendente Lite Entered Before January 1, 2019.

   (1)  In a subsequent modification proceeding of an order awarding child support and spousal support or child support and alimony pendente lite, as provided in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.18(d), the trier-of-fact may on its own motion or upon the motion of a party:

     (i)   make an unallocated award in favor of the spouse and one or more children; or

     (ii)   state the support amount allocable to the spouse and to each child.

   (2)  The trier-of-fact shall clearly state whether the order is allocated or unallocated even if the child support and spousal support or child support and alimony pendente lite amounts are delineated in the order.

     (i)   If the order is allocated, the Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910-16.4(a)(2)(Part IV) formula determines the spousal support amount.

       (A)   As the formula assumes an unallocated order, if the order’s allocation utilizing the formula is inequitable, the trier-of-fact may adjust the order, as appropriate.

       (B)   In making an adjustment, the trier-of-fact shall consider the federal income tax consequences.

       (C)   If the parties are in higher income brackets, the income tax considerations are likely to be a more significant factor in determining a support amount.

     (ii)   If the order is unallocated or the order is for spousal support or alimony pendente lite only, the trier-of-fact shall not consider the federal income tax consequences.

   Official Note

   See 23 Pa.C.S. §  4348(d) for additional matters that must be specified in a support order if arrearages exist when the order is entered.

   (3)  A support award for a spouse and children is taxable to the obligee while an award for the children only is not. Consequently, in certain situations, an award only for the children will be more favorable to the obligee than an award to the spouse and children. In this situation, the trier-of-fact should utilize the method that provides the greatest benefit to the obligee.

   (4)  If the obligee’s monthly net income is equal to or greater than the obligor’s monthly net income, the guideline amount for spouse and children is identical to the guideline amount for children only. Therefore, in cases involving support for spouse and children, whenever the obligee’s monthly net income is equal to or greater than the obligor’s monthly net income, the guideline amount indicated shall be attributed to child support only.

   (5)  Unallocated child support and spousal support or child support and alimony pendente lite orders shall terminate upon the obligee’s death.

   (6)  In the event that the obligor defaults on an unallocated order, the trier-of-fact shall allocate the order for child support collection pursuant to the Internal Revenue Service income tax refund intercept program or for registration and enforcement of the order in another jurisdiction under the Uniform Interstate Family Support Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  7101—7903. The trier-of-fact shall provide the parties with notice of allocation.

   Official Note

    This provision is necessary to comply with various state and federal laws relating to child support enforcement. It is not intended to affect an unallocated order’s tax consequences.

   (7)  An unallocated child support and spousal support or child support and alimony pendente lite order is a final order as to the claims covered in the order.

   (8)  Motions for post-trial relief cannot be filed to the final order.

   Official Note

   The procedure relating to Motions for Reconsideration is set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.2.

   Subdivision (h) incorporates Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16 (rescinded) and Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-4(f)(rescinded) for subsequent modification proceedings due to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Pub.L. No. 115-97).

Explanatory Comment—1993
   Existence of Guidelines as Substantial Change in Circumstances. In its opinion in Newman v. Newman, 409 Pa. Super. Ct. 108, 597 A.2d 684 (Pa. Super. 1991), the Superior Court held that enactment of the guidelines does not constitute a substantial change in circumstance which could serve as the basis for modification of a support order. The amended rule allows the trier of fact to consider new or revised rules as a change in circumstances where the change in the guidelines, either by itself or in combination with other factors, is material and substantial.

Explanatory Comment—2000
   The Pennsylvania Child Support Enforcement System (‘‘PACSES’’) is electronically linked to a variety of governmental and private agencies and institutions. This linkage enables PACSES to immediately locate and identify an obligor’s income, income sources and assets. Rule 1910.19 is amended to provide that their identification through these automated methods provides a basis for modifying both the current support obligation and the rate of repayment on either past due or overdue support. Identification through means other than PACSES continues to provide the same basis for modification.

   While identification of income sources or assets provides a basis for modification, this rule is not intended to prevent a court from ordering that the income or assets be frozen and seized under Rule 1910.26 pending the hearing on the petition for modification. Such relief remains available under Rule 1910.26 governing appropriate interim or special relief. See Rule 1910.1 Explanatory Comment. Nor is this rule intended to affect the court’s ability to seize income or assets under Rule 1910.20 to secure an overdue support obligation.

Explanatory Comment—2002
   Although support orders do not terminate automatically, many obligors are unaware of the necessity of filing a petition to terminate a child support order when the child becomes emancipated. As a result, old orders have continued to charge long after the subject child has become an adult. New subdivision (e) is intended to address this problem by giving the obligee notice of a proposed modification or termination of the order and the opportunity to object. If no objection is made, or if the obligee fails to respond with a reason to continue the order, the rule gives the court the authority to terminate or modify the charging order, depending upon whether or not other children are covered under the order.

Explanatory Comment—2006
   New subdivision (f) addresses an increasing multiplicity of circumstances in which the continued existence of a court-ordered obligation of support is inconsistent with rules or law. An obligor with no known assets whose sole source of income is Supplemental Security Income or cash assistance cannot be ordered to pay support under Rule 1910.16-2. Likewise, an obligor with no verifiable income or assets whose institutionalization, incarceration or long-term disability precludes the payment of support renders the support order unenforceable and uncollectible, diminishing the perception of the court as a source of redress and relief. Often, the obligor is unable or unaware of the need to file for a modification or termination, or the parties abandon the action. In those circumstances, the courts are charged with managing dockets with no viable outcomes. Both the rules and the federal guidelines for child support under Title IV-D of the Social Security Act provide for circumstances under which a support order shall not be entered or under which a child support case may be closed. Subdivision (f) expands the authority of the courts to respond to case management issues brought about by changes in circumstances of the parties of which the courts become aware through the expansion of automated interfaces and data exchanges.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.19 amended January 27, 1993, effective immediately, 23 Pa.B. 701; amended December 2, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6263; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended June 5, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 3306; amended October 11, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 5263; amended May 19, 2006, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 2629; amended August 26, 2011, effective November 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 4847; amended September 19, 2011, effective October 31, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 5153; amended November 5, 2012, effective December 5, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 7091; amended December 28, 2018, effective January 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 170. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387909) to (387912).

Rule 1910.20. Support Order. Enforcement. General.
 (a)  A support order shall be enforced by income withholding as required by law in the manner provided by Rule 1910.21.

 (b)  Upon the obligor’s failure to comply with a support order, the order may also be enforced by any one or all of the following remedies:

   (1)  pursuant to Rule 1910.21, and without further hearing or prior notice to the obligor, increasing the amount of monthly support payments for payment of the overdue support at a rate to be determined by the court; withholding or seizing periodic or lump sum payments of income from a government agency, including unemployment compensation, social security, retirement or disability benefits and any other benefits; withholding or seizing periodic or lump sum payments of income from insurance carriers or privately-insured employers, including workers’ compensation benefits; withholding or seizing judgments or settlements; and withholding or seizing public and private retirement funds in pay status;

   (2)  pursuant to Rule 1910.22, imposing liens on real property;

   (3)  pursuant to Rule 1910.23, attaching and seizing assets of the obligor held in financial institutions;

   (4)  pursuant to Rule 1910.24, reducing and executing a judgment against the obligor;

   (5)  pursuant to Rules 1910.25 through 1910.25-6, initiating contempt proceedings;

   (6)  reporting the amount of overdue support to consumer reporting agencies in the manner prescribed by 23 Pa.C.S. §  4303;

   (7)  when the obligor owes overdue support in an amount of three months or more, suspending occupational, commercial/driver’s and recreational licenses in the manner prescribed by 23 Pa.C.S. §  4355.

 These remedies are cumulative and not alternative.

 (c)  For purposes of this Rule, overdue support remains subject to the remedies set forth in subdivision (b) of this Rule until paid in full. Except as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  4355 for suspension of licenses, neither a repayment schedule subsequently agreed to by the parties nor an order of court establishing such a schedule precludes the use of these remedies for collecting overdue support more quickly, whenever feasible.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.20 amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 20 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (256281).

Rule 1910.21. Support Order. Enforcement. Withholding of Income.
 (a)  Immediate Income Withholding. Every order of court shall contain an immediate order for the withholding of income unless (1) there is no overdue support owing under the order and (2) either the court finds there is good cause not to require immediate income withholding or the parties agree in writing to an alternative arrangement.

 (b)  Initiated Income Withholding. If there is no immediate income withholding pursuant to subdivision (a), and nonpayment of the support order causes overdue support to accrue, the court shall enter an order for the immediate withholding of income.

 (c)  Order for Withholding. An order for income withholding must include a provision directing that no commutation or compromise and release of worker’s compensation benefits, severance pay or any payment in lieu thereof shall be paid to the defendant until the order for withholding is dissolved by further order of court.

 (d)  Service on Employer.

   (1)  The order for income withholding shall be served upon the obligor’s employer. The employer shall pay to the State Collection and Disbursement Unit the full amount set forth in the order and may deduct from the balance due the obligor an amount authorized by law for clerical work and expense involved in complying with the order. Upon termination of the obligor’s employment, the employer shall notify the domestic relations section of the termination, the obligor’s last known address, and the name and address of the obligor’s new employer, if known.

   (2)  Upon willful failure to obey an order for income withholding, the employer, or an officer or employee of the employer, may be held in contempt and subject to other remedies provided by law.

   Offical Note

   23 Pa.C.S. §  4348(k)(1) provides that contempt is punishable by jail or fine. 23 Pa.C.S. §  4348(k)(2) provides that the employer is liable for any amount which the employer willfully fails to withhold or for any amount withheld but not forwarded to the domestic relations section. 23 Pa.C.S. §  4348(k)(3) provides that the court may attach funds or property of an employer.

 (e)  Notice to Obligor. Objections. A notice of entry of an order for income withholding shall be served on the obligor. The obligor may object to the order in writing or by personal appearance before the county domestic relations section within ten days after issuance of the notice. The grounds for an objection are limited to the following mistakes of fact: (i) no overdue support exists under the order or there is a mistake in the amount of overdue support; (ii) there is a mistake in the identity of the obligor; or (iii) the amount being withheld exceeds the maximum amount which may be withheld under the federal Consumer Credit Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. §  1673. If a mistake of fact has occurred, the order shall be modified accordingly.

 (f)  Income Withholding When the Obligor Defaults on Support Order.

   (1)  When an obligor is subject to an order for income withholding and payment is received from the employer within 15 days from the date upon which the obligor’s obligation would be considered overdue (i.e. the date upon which delinquent support is equal to one month’s support obligation), the payment shall be considered timely and any past due support shall not be converted to overdue support or subject to automated enforcement mechanisms.

   (2)  When nonpayment of the support order by the obligor causes overdue support to accrue, the court may increase the order for income withholding until the overdue support is paid in full. The court may also direct the employer to withhold any periodic or lump sum distributions of income which may be payable to the obligor in addition to regular income until further order of court.

 (g)  Priority of Income Withholding. If there are multiple support obligations in effect against the income of the obligor, the court shall allocate among the obligees the amount of income available for withholding, giving priority to current child support, child support-related expenses and child support arrears to the limit provided by law and stating the priority of payment to the obligee.

 (h)  Termination of Order for Income Withholding. An order for income withholding shall continue until dissolved by the court as provided by law.

   Official Note

   Pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  4348(h), an order for income withholding may be terminated when (1) the support obligation has terminated and the total arrears are paid; (2) the payee cannot be located and it becomes impossible to forward payments; or (3) the result would be unconscionable. The order may also be terminated administratively by the domestic relations section.

Explanatory Comment—2008
   New subdivision 1910.21(f)(1) is intended to address circumstances in which an employer timely withholds income from an obligor pursuant to an income withholding order, but a delay occurs in receipt of the funds by the State Collection and Disbursement Unit. In those cases, it would be inappropriate to consider the obligor’s payment as untimely and convert past due support to overdue support because an obligor subject to an income withholding order has no control over the timing of the transmission of the funds from the employer. This new rule addreses solely timing issues by providing a 15-day grace period. It does not apply to obligors who are not subject to an order for income withholding.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.21 amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; rescinded March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1949; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended August 13, 2008, effective immediately, 38 Pa.B. 4735; amended August 13, 2008, effective October 12, 2008, 35 Pa.B. 4736. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (319383) to (319384) and (267747).

Rule 1910.21-1. [Renumbered].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.21-1 adopted March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1949; amended May 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2767; renumbered May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (256281) to (256283).

Rule 1910.21-2. [Renumbered].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.21-2 adopted March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1949; renumbered May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (200345).

Rule 1910.21-3. [Renumbered].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.21-3 adopted March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1949; renumbered May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (200345).

Rule 1910.21-4. [Renumbered].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.21-4 adopted March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1949; renumbered May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (200345) to (200346).

Rule 1910.21-5. [Renumbered].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.21-5 adopted March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1949; renumbered May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (200346) and (256973).

Rule 1910.21-6. [Renumbered].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.21-6 adopted March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1949; renumbered May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (256973).

Rule 1910.21-7. [Renumbered].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.21-7 adopted March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1949; renumbered May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (256974).

Rule 1910.22. Support Order. Enforcement. Liens Against Real Property.
 (a)  An overdue support obligation of this or any other state which is on record at the domestic relations section shall constitute a lien of record by operation of law against the obligor’s real property located in Pennsylvania. When the overdue obligation arises in another state, it shall be transmitted to the Department of Public Welfare Central Registry. Upon receipt and verification of the amount owed, the Central Registry shall notify the appropriate domestic relations section which shall enter the amount owed in its records.

 (b)  A person seeking certification of a lien of record arising from overdue support owed by an obligor shall submit a written request for certification to the domestic relations section. The request must include the obligor’s full name, date of birth and social security number, if known. Within two business days, the domestic relations section shall provide written certification of the amount of overdue support owed as of the date of certification and shall enter the amount and date of certification on the docket.

   Official Note

   Rule 76 defines ‘‘person’’ as including a corporation, partnership and association as well as a natural person.

 (c)  The domestic relations section shall provide a copy of the written certification to the parties. Either party may object to the certification in writing or by personal appearance before the domestic relations section. The grounds for an objection are limited to the following: (1) no overdue support exists under the support order or there is a mistake in the certified amount of overdue support; (2) there is a mistake in the identity of the obligor; or (3) the lien cannot attach to the property as a matter of law. Pending a court’s disposition of the objection, the certification shall remain in full force and effect unless stayed by the court for good cause shown.

 (d)  Payment of the certified amount of overdue support shall constitute a satisfaction thereof and the domestic relations section shall record the amount of payment on the docket.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.22 amended June 20, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended September 26, 1990, effective immediately, 20 Pa.B. 5197; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended December 2, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6263; amended May 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2767; amended June 14, 1999, effective September 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3191; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (256974) and (260381) to (260382).

Rule 1910.23. Support Order. Enforcement. Attachment of Assets Held by Financial Institutions.
 (a)  Upon identification of an obligor’s assets held by a financial institution, the court shall, upon certification of the overdue support owed by the obligor, enter an immediate order prohibiting the release of those assets until further order of court. The order shall be served on the financial institution in the manner prescribed by Rules 400 through 406 governing service of original process or by registered mail, return receipt requested, or by electronic service upon the request of the financial institution. Service by mail is complete upon the return of the registered mail receipt personally signed by the financial institution or other evidence of service satisfactory to the court. Service of the order on the financial institution shall attach the asset up to the amount of the overdue support until further order of court.

 (b)  The domestic relations section shall provide written notification of the attachment to the obligor. The obligor and any joint owner of the account who has been notified by the financial institution may object to the attachment in writing or by personal appearance before the domestic relations section within 30 days after issuance of the notice. The grounds for an objection are limited to the following: (1) no overdue support exists under the support order or there is a mistake in the certified amount of overdue support; (2) there is a mistake in the identity of the obligor; or (3) the account is not subject to attachment as a matter of law.

 (c)  If no objection is made within 30 days after notice was issued, the court shall, upon proof that obligor was properly served with notice of the attachment, enter an order seizing the assets up to the amount of overdue support owed. The order shall be served on the financial institution and a copy of the order provided to both parties.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.23 rescinded April 29, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 2335; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended January 25, 2013, effective February 24, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 801. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (267749) to (267750).

Rule 1910.23-1. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.23-1 adopted April 29, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 2335; rescinded May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (260382).

Rule 1910.23-2. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.23-2 adopted April 29, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 2335; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1953; rescinded May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (260382) and (228795).

Rule 1910.24. Support Order. Enforcement. Judgment for Arrearages. Petition to Correct Judgment. Execution.
 (a)  On and after the date it is due, overdue support shall constitute a judgment against the obligor as provided by law. The prothonotary shall enter the judgment of record upon the proper docket and in the judgment index either at the direction of the court or upon praecipe of a party or the domestic relations section. The judgment must be accompanied by a written certification showing that obligor owes overdue support pursuant to an order of court.

 (b)  A petition to correct the judgment shall be limited to the following grounds: (1) no overdue support exists under the support order or (2) there is a mistake in the amount of overdue support. The petition initially shall be determined before a conference officer or hearing officer in the same manner as an original proceeding for support. Except as provided by order of court, the filing of a petition to correct a judgment shall not stay the proceedings.

   Official Note

   It is important to note that the petition to strike or open a judgment used in civil practice is not adopted here.

 (c)  The judgment may be enforced against the obligor’s real or personal property as provided by Rules 3001 through 3011, governing transfer of judgments, and Rules 3101 through 3149, governing enforcement of judgments for the payment of money.

   Official Note

   See Section 8104 of the Judicial Code, 42 Pa.C.S., §  8104, which imposes a duty upon a judgment creditor who has received satisfaction of a judgment, upon written request and tender of the fee, to enter satisfaction in the office of the clerk of court (the prothonotary) in which the judgment is outstanding.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.24 amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (228795).

Rule 1910.25. Enforcement. Support Order. Civil Contempt. Petition. Service. No Answer Required.
 (a)  Upon failure to comply with an order of support, a petition for civil contempt

   (1)  may be filed by the obligee at any time, or

   (2)  shall be filed by the domestic relations section

     (i)   immediately upon the accrual of arrearages in any amount for fifteen days where it is known at the outset that income cannot be attached; or

     (ii)   immediately upon learning that an order for income withholding pursuant to Rule 1910.21 has been ineffective, or within twenty days of failure to comply with the order of support, whichever is earlier.

   Official Note

   Except as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  4355 relating to suspension of licenses, an order entered pursuant to a contempt proceeding which establishes a rate of repayment on overdue support does not preclude the use of other remedies under Title 23 or these Rules for collecting overdue support more quickly, whenever feasible.

 (b)  The petition shall begin with an order of court in substantially the following form:

 [CAPTION]

 ORDER OF COURT

   Legal proceedings have been brought against you alleging that you have disobeyed an order of court for support.

   (1)  A critical issue in the contempt proceeding is your ability to pay and comply with the terms of the support order. If you wish to defend against the claim set forth in the following pages, you may, but are not required to, file in writing with the court your defenses or objections.

   (2)  You,

, Respondent, must appear in person in court on
(day and date) at
(a.m./p.m.) in (court) room
,
(address).
 IF YOU DO NOT APPEAR IN PERSON,
THE COURT MAY
ISSUE A WARRANT FOR YOUR ARREST
AND YOU MAY BE COMMITTED TO JAIL.

   (3)  If the court finds that you have willfully failed to comply with its order for support, you may be found to be in contempt of court and committed to jail, fined or both.

   You will have the opportunity to disclose income, other financial information and any relevant personal information at the conference/hearing so that the court can determine if you have the ability to pay. You may also tell the court about any unusual expenses that may affect your ability to pay. You may fill out the enclosed Income Statement and Expense Statement forms and submit them to the court.

   At the conference/hearing, the contempt petition may be dismissed, new and/or modified purge conditions may be imposed, or the judge may order you to jail. If the obligee fails to appear, the court will proceed with the case and enter an appropriate order.

   YOU ARE REQUIRED TO BRING:

   Your most recent pay stub for any and all employers

   Payroll address, phone number, fax number and contact person

   Proof of medical coverage

   Any other documentation relevant to your case and the issue of contempt as stated in the petition, including the completed Income Statement and Expense Statement forms. For example, other documentation that may be relevant includes documents related to claims for unemployment compensation, workers’ compensation and Social Security benefits.

        BY THE COURT:

   DATE OF ORDER:

 
Judge
   

  YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS PAPER TO YOUR LAWYER AT ONCE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER. IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.

 


(Name)
 


(Address)
 


(Telephone Number)

   Official Note

   Neither Rule 1018.1 (Notice to Defend) nor Rule 1361 (Notice to Plead) apply to a petition for enforcement of support.

 (c)  The petition shall aver the facts alleged to constitute the failure to comply with the support order. The petition shall set forth the amount of support arrearages, if any, as provided by the domestic relations section. Unless specially ordered by the court, no answer to the petition is required.

 (d)  The petition shall be served upon the respondent

   (1)  by ordinary mail with the return address of the domestic relations section appearing thereon; or

   (2)  by any form of mail which requires the respondent to sign a receipt; or

   (3)  by a competent adult; or

   Official Note

   See Rule 76 for the definition of ‘‘competent adult.’’

   (4)  pursuant to special order of court. A respondent who attends the conference and/or hearing in person shall be deemed to have been served.

 (e)  The court may issue a bench warrant as provided by Rule 1910.13-1 for failure of the respondent to appear.

 (f)  The respondent shall be advised in the Order/Notice to Appear that his or her present ability to pay is a critical issue in the contempt proceeding. The respondent shall be provided with Income and Expense Statements to demonstrate financial ability to pay. At the hearing, the respondent shall be provided the opportunity to respond to any questions about his or her financial status. The trier of fact shall issue an express finding that the respondent does or does not have the present ability to pay.

Explanatory Comment—2012
   The amendments to the form in subdivision (b) and new subdivision (f) are intended to assure compliance with the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in Turner v. Rogers, 131 S. Ct. 2507 (2011). In that case, the Court held that counsel need not automatically be appointed for indigent support obligors facing incarceration in civil contempt proceedings. The Court held that the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution does not require that counsel be provided where the obligee is not represented by counsel and the state provides alternative procedural safeguards including adequate notice of the importance of the ability to pay, a fair opportunity to present, and to dispute, relevant information, and express court findings as to the obligor’s ability to pay.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.25 amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended March 18, 2004, effective June 16, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 1754; amended November 30, 2012, effective December 30, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 7521. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (303570) and (328351).

Rule 1910.25-1. Civil Contempt. Hearing by Court. Conference by Officer.
 (a)  After service of the petition and order of court upon the respondent, there shall be (1) an office conference conducted by a conference officer, as provided by Rule 1910.25-2, or (2) an immediate hearing by the court, if permitted by the court.

 (b)  If, at any time during a contempt proceeding, including proceedings under Rules 1910.25-2, 1910.25-3 and 1910.25-4, the hearing officer or conference officer determines that the failure to comply with the support order is willful and there is present ability to comply, the petition for contempt shall be heard by the court for consideration of incarceration and other appropriate sanctions.

   Official Note

   The determination required by subdivision (b) shall be made by a conference officer in counties adopting the procedure of Rule 1910.25-3 (conference and hearing de novo) or by a hearing officer in counties adopting the alternative procedure of Rule 1910.25-4 (record hearing and exceptions).

 Courts should strive to hear these cases promptly, on the same day if possible.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.25-1 adopted May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155.

Rule 1910.25-2. Civil Contempt. Office Conference. Agreement. Alternative Procedures Upon Failure to Agree.
 (a)  The office conference shall be conducted by a conference officer.

 (b)  The conference officer may make a recommendation to the parties as to the disposition of the proceedings.

 (c)  If an agreement is reached at the conference, the conference officer shall prepare a written order in conformity with the agreement for signature by the parties and submission to the court. The court may enter the order in accordance with the agreement without hearing the parties.

 (d)  If an agreement is not reached, the procedure shall be as prescribed by Rule 1910.25-3 unless the court by local rule adopts the alternative procedure of Rule 1910.25-4.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.25-2 adopted May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155.

Rule 1910.25-3. Civil Contempt. Conference Summary. Order. Hearing De Novo.
 (a)  If an agreement is not reached, the conference officer shall, at the conclusion of the conference or shortly thereafter, prepare a conference summary and furnish copies to the court and to all parties. The conference summary shall state:

   (1)  the facts upon which the parties agree,

   (2)  the contentions of the parties with respect to facts upon which they disagree, and

   (3)  the conference officer’s recommendation whether

     (i)   the respondent has willfully failed to comply with the order for support,

     (ii)   the respondent should be held in contempt, and

     (iii)   sanctions or purge conditions should be imposed against the respondent.

   Official Note

   The sanction of imprisonment may be imposed only following an evidentiary hearing before a judge. See Rule 1910.25-5(a).

 (b)  The court, without hearing the parties, may enter an appropriate order after consideration of the conference summary. Each party shall be provided with a copy of the order and written notice that any party may, within twenty days after the date of receipt or the date of the mailing of the order, whichever occurs first, file a written demand with the domestic relations section for a hearing before the court.

 (c)  A demand for a hearing before the court shall stay the contempt order.

 (d)  If the court does not enter an order under Rule 1910.25-2(c) or subdivision (b) of this rule within five days of the conference, or if an order is entered and a demand for a hearing before the court is filed, there shall be a hearing de novo before the court. The domestic relations section shall schedule the hearing and give notice to the parties. The hearing de novo shall be held no later than seventy-five days after the date the petition for contempt was filed.

 (e)  The court shall not be precluded from conducting a hearing on the petition for contempt on the same day as the office conference.

   Official Note

   Every effort should be made to ensure that these cases are heard promptly, on the same day if possible.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.25-3 adopted May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended June 11, 2007, effective immediately, 37 Pa.B. 2800. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (303572) and (267753).

Rule 1910.25-4. Civil Contempt. Alternative Procedure. Record Hearing. Report. Exceptions. Order.
 (a)  At the conclusion of the conference if an agreement has not been reached, the parties shall be given notice of the date, time, and place of a hearing if the conference and hearing have not been scheduled for the same date. The hearing on the record shall be conducted by a hearing officer who must be a lawyer.

   Official Note

   Every effort should be made to ensure that cases are heard promptly, on the same day if possible.

 (b)  The hearing officer shall receive evidence, hear argument and file with the court a report containing a proposed order. A copy of the report shall be furnished to all parties at the conclusion of the hearing. The report may be in narrative form and shall include the officer’s recommendation with respect to the following matters, together with the reasons therefor:

   (1)  whether the respondent has willfullly failed to comply with the order for support,

   (2)  whether the respondent should be held in contempt, and

   (3)  whether sanctions or purge conditions should be imposed against the respondent.

   Official Note

   The sanction of imprisonment may be imposed only following an evidentiary hearing before a judge. See Rule 1910.25-5(a).

 (c)  Within twenty days after the conclusion of the hearing, any party may file exceptions to the report or any part thereof, to rulings on objections, to statements or findings of fact, to conclusions of law, or to any other matters occurring during the hearing. Each exception shall set forth a separate objection precisely and without discussion. Matters not covered by exceptions are deemed waived unless, prior to the entry of the order, leave is granted to file exceptions raising those matters.

 (d)  If no exceptions are filed within the twenty-day period, the court shall review the report and, if approved, enter an order.

 (e)  If exceptions are filed, the court shall, no later than seventy-five days after the date the petition for contempt was filed, hear argument on the exceptions or hold a hearing de novo. The court shall enter an appropriate order.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.25-4 adopted May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended June 11, 2007, effective immediately, 37 Pa.B. 2800. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (267753) to (267754).

Rule 1910.25-5. Civil Contempt. Contempt Order. Incarceration.
 (a)  No respondent may be incarcerated as a sanction for contempt without an evidentiary hearing before a judge.

 (b)  The court shall make a finding, on the record, as to whether the respondent, based upon the evidence presented at hearing, does or does not have the present ability to pay the court-ordered amount of support.

 (c)  An order committing a respondent to jail for civil contempt of a support order shall specify the conditions the fulfillment of which will result in the release of the respondent.

   Official Note

   The time periods set forth in Rules 1910.25 through 1910.25-6 are for the benefit of the plaintiff, and not for the defendant. The goal is the prompt initiation of contempt proceedings because of the importance of ongoing support payments. The time periods in no way limit the right of either the domestic relations section or the plaintiff to proceed with a contempt action.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.25-5 adopted May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended June 11, 2007, effective immediately, 37 Pa.B. 2800; amended November 30, 2012, effective December 30, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 7521. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (328354).

Rule 1910.25-6. Civil Contempt. No Post Trial Relief.
 No motions for post trial relief shall be filed to any orders entered pursuant to Rules 1910.25 through 1910.25-6.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.25-6 adopted May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155.

Rule 1910.25-7. Indirect Criminal Contempt. Incarceration.
 In addition to any other remedy available to the court, the court may order the respondent to obtain employment with income that can be verified and is subject to income attachment. If the respondent willfully fails to comply with an order to obtain such employment, the court may commit the respondent to jail upon adjudication for indirect criminal contempt, provided the respondent is afforded all of the procedural safeguards available to criminal defendants.

Explanatory Comment—2007
   Parental support of children is a fundamental requirement of law and public policy. Absent an inability to maintain employment or acquire other income or assets, sanction in the form of incarceration may be imposed by the court to compel compliance and provide an incentive to obey the law. The contempt process, which should be used as a last resort, is necessary to impose coercive sanctions upon those obligors whose circumstances provide no recourse to the court to compel payment or a good faith effort to comply. Appellate opinions have made it clear that an obligor who is in civil contempt cannot be incarcerated without the present ability to fulfill the conditions the court imposes for release. However, the courts also have noted that recalcitrant obligors may be imprisoned for indirect criminal contempt if afforded the proper procedural safeguards. See Godfrey v. Godfrey, 894 A.2d 776 (Pa. Super. 2006); Hyle v. Hyle, 868 A.2d 601 (Pa. Super. 2005).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.25-7 adopted June 11, 2007, effective immediately, 37 Pa.B. 2800.

Rule 1910.26. Support Order. Enforcement. Stay of Proceedings. Special Relief.
 (a)  An action for support or a support order may be stayed only by a special order of court upon a showing of compelling circumstances following notice and hearing or upon agreement of the parties in writing.

 (b)  At any time after the filing of the complaint, the court may on application issue a preliminary or special injunction, appoint a temporary receiver, order the seizure of property, dispose of seized property or grant other appropriate interim or special relief.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.26 amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (228795) to (228806).

Rule 1910.27. Form of Complaint. Order. Income Statements and Expense Statements. Health Insurance Coverage Information Form. Form of Support Order. Form Petition for Modification. Petition for Recovery of Support Overpayment.
 (a)  The complaint in an action for support shall be substantially in the following form:

 (Caption)
COMPLAINT FOR SUPPORT

 

      1. Plaintiff resides at

, (Street)      (City)    (Zip Code)
County. Plaintiff’s Social Security Number is
, and date of birth is
.
     2. Defendant resides at

, (Street)    (City)    (Zip Code)
County. Defendant’s Social Security Number is
, and date of birth is
.
      3. (a) Plaintiff and Defendant were married on

, (Date) at
.    (City and State)
        (b) Plaintiff and Defendant were separated on

. (Date)
        (c) Plaintiff and Defendant were divorced on

, at (Date)
. (City and State)
      4. Plaintiff and Defendant are the parents of the following children:

        (a) Born of the Marriage: Name    Birth Date    Age    Residence

     

   
        (b) Born out of Wedlock: Name    Birth Date    Age    Residence

     

   
      5. Plaintiff seeks to pay support or receive support for the following persons:

.
      6. (a) Plaintiff is (not) receiving public assistance in the amount of $

per
for the support of
. (Name(s))
         (b) Plaintiff is receiving additional income in the amount of $

from
.
      7. A previous support order was entered against the  plaintiff  defendant on

in an action at
in (Court, term and docket number) the amount of $
for the support of
. (Name)
   

   There are (no) arrearages in the amount of $

. The order has (not) been terminated.
      8.  Plaintiff  Defendant last received support from the other party in the amount of $

on
. (Date)
 WHEREFORE, Plaintiff requests that an order be entered on behalf of the aforementioned child(ren) and/or spouse for reasonable support and medical coverage.

   

   

  Date              Plaintiff or Attorney for Plaintiff
   I verify that the statements made in this Complaint are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

   

  Date                    Plaintiff
NOTICE

 Guidelines for child and spousal support, and for alimony pendente lite have been prepared by the Court of Common Pleas and are available for inspection in the office of Domestic Relations Section,

(Address)   

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). To the extent this rule applies to actions not governed by other legal authority regarding confidentiality of information and documents in support actions or that attorneys or unrepresented parties file support-related confidential information and documents in non-support actions (e.g., divorce, custody), the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania shall apply.

 (b) The order to be attached at the front of the complaint in subdivision (a) shall be substantially in the following form:

 (Caption)

 ORDER OF COURT

 Plaintiff,

and
, defendant, are ordered to appear at
before
, a conference officer of the Domestic Relations Section, on the
day of
, 20
, at
.M., for a conference, after which the officer may recommend that an order for support be entered against you.  You are further ordered to bring to the conference  (1) a true copy of your most recent Federal Income Tax Return, including W-2s, as filed,  (2) your pay stubs for the preceding six months,  (3) the Income Statement and the appropriate Expense Statement, if required, attached to this order, completed as required by Rule 1910.11(c),  (4) verification of child care expenses, and  (5) proof of medical coverage which you may have, or may have available to you.  If you fail to appear for the conference or to bring the required documents, the court may issue a warrant for your arrest and/or enter an interim support order. If paternity is an issue, the court shall enter an order establishing paternity.  (6) If a physician has determined that a medical condition affects your ability to earn income you must obtain a Physician Verification Form from the domestic relations section, sign it, have it completed by your doctor, and bring it with you to the conference.  THE TRIER OF FACT SHALL ENTER AN APPROPRIATE CHILD SUPPORT ORDER BASED UPON THE EVIDENCE PRESENTED, WITHOUT REGARD TO WHICH PARTY INITIATED THE SUPPORT ACTION. THE DETERMINATION OF WHICH PARTY WILL BE THE OBLIGEE AND WHICH WILL BE THE OBLIGOR WILL BE MADE BY THE TRIER OF FACT BASED UPON THE RESPECTIVE INCOMES OF THE PARTIES, CONSISTENT WITH THE SUPPORT GUIDELINES AND EXISTING LAW, AND THE CUSTODIAL ARRANGEMENTS AT THE TIME OF THE INITIAL OR SUBSEQUENT CONFERENCE, HEARING, OR TRIAL. IF SUPPORTED BY THE EVIDENCE, THE PARTY NAMED AS THE DEFENDANT IN THE INITIAL PLEADING MAY BE DEEMED TO BE THE OBLIGEE, EVEN IF THAT PARTY DID NOT FILE A COMPLAINT FOR SUPPORT. Date of Order:
     
J.
 YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO A LAWYER, WHO MAY ATTEND THE CONFERENCE AND REPRESENT YOU. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER.
    IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.


(Name)

(Address)

(Telephone Number)
 AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990

 The Court of Common Pleas of

County is required by law to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. For information about accessible facilities and reasonable accommodations available to disabled individuals having business before the court, please contact our office. All arrangements must be made at least 72 hours prior to any hearing or business before the court. You must attend the scheduled conference or hearing.
 (c)  The Income Statements and Expense Statements to be attached to the order in subdivision (b) shall be substantially in the following form:

   (1)  Income Statements. This form must be filled out in all cases.

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). To the extent this rule applies to actions not governed by other legal authority regarding confidentiality of information and documents in support actions or that attorneys or unrepresented parties file support-related confidential information and documents in non-support actions (e.g., divorce, custody), the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania shall apply.

v.
  No.
 THIS FORM MUST BE FILLED OUT
(If you are self-employed or if you are salaried by a business of which you are owner in whole or in part, you must also fill out the Supplemental Income Statement which appears below. INCOME STATEMENT OF
        (Name)              (PACASES Number)

 I verify that the statements made in this Income Statement are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S.A. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities. Date:

        
Plaintiff or Defendant    


INCOME
 Employer:
 Address:
 Type of Work:
 Payroll Number:
 Pay Period (weekly, biweekly, etc);
 Gross Pay per Pay Period:	$
 Itemized Payroll Deductions:
  Federal Withholding	$
  FICA	
  Local Wage Tax	
  State Income Tax	
  Mandatory Retirement	
  Union Dues	
  Health Insurance	
  Other (specify)	
 Net Pay per Pay Period:	$
Other Income:
Week
Month
Year
(Fill in Appropriate Column)
  Interest	$
$
$
  Dividends	
  Pension Distributions	
  Annuity	
  Social Security	
  Rents	
  Royalties	
  Unemployment Comp.	
  Workers Comp.	
  Employer Fringe Benefits	
  Other
Total	$
$
$
TOTAL INCOME		$


PROPERTY OWNED					
Ownership*
Description
Value
H
W
J
Checking accounts	
$ 
Savings accounts	
Credit Union	
Stocks/bonds	
Real estate	
Other	
Total
$ 
INSURANCE
Policy
Coverage*
Company	No.
H
W
C
Hospital
 Blue Cross	
 Other	
Medical
 Blue Shield	
 Other	
Health/Accident	
Disability Income	
Dental	
Other	
   

*H=Husband; W=Wife; J=Joint; C=Child
 SUPPLEMENTAL INCOME STATEMENT

  (a) This form is to be filled out by a person (check one):

   (1) who operates a business or practices a profession, or

   (2) who is a member of a partnership or joint venture, or

   (3) who is a shareholder in and is salaried by a closed corporation or similar entity.

  (b) Attach to this statement a copy of the following documents relating to the partnership, joint venture, business, profession, corporation or similar entity:

   (1) the most recent Federal Income Tax Return, and

   (2) the most recent Profit and Loss Statement.

  (c) Name of business:

Address and Telephone Number:


(d) Nature of business (check one)	(e) Name of accountant, controller or other person in charge of financial records:
 (1) partnership	
 (2) joint venture
 (3) profession	(f) Annual income from business:
 (4) closed corporation	
 (5) other	(1) How often is income received?
(2) Gross income per pay period:
(3) Net income per pay period:
(4) Specified deductions, if any:
   (2)  Expense Statements. An Expense Statement is not required in cases that can be determined pursuant to the guidelines unless a party avers unusual needs and expenses that may warrant a deviation from the guideline amount of support pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-5 or seeks an apportionment of expenses pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-6. See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.11(c)(1). Child support is calculated under the guidelines based upon the monthly net incomes of the parties, with additional amounts ordered as necessary to provide for child care expenses, health insurance premiums, unreimbursed medical expenses, mortgage payments, and other needs, contingent upon the obligor’s ability to pay. The Expense Statement in subparagraph (A) shall be utilized if a party is claiming that he or she has unusual needs and unusual fixed expenses that may warrant deviation or adjustment in a case determined under the guidelines. In child support, spousal support, and alimony pendente lite cases calculated pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.16-3.1 and in divorce cases involving claims for alimony, counsel fees, or costs and expenses pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.31(a), the parties shall complete the Expense Statement in subparagraph (B).

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). To the extent this rule applies to actions not governed by other legal authority regarding confidentiality of information and documents in support actions or that attorneys or unrepresented parties file support-related confidential information and documents in non-support actions (e.g., divorce, custody), the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania shall apply.

   (A)  Guidelines Expense Statement. If the combined monthly net income of the parties is $30,000 or less, it is not necessary to complete this form unless a party is claiming unusual needs and expenses that may warrant a deviation from the guideline amount of support pursuant to Rule 1910.16-5 or seeks an apportionment of expenses pursuant to Rule 1910.16-6. At the conference, each party must provide receipts or other verification of expenses claimed on this statement. The Guidelines Expense Statement shall be substantially in the following form.


EXPENSE STATEMENT OF
 

    (Name)        (PACSES Number)

 I verify that the statements made in this Expense Statement are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S.A. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

 Date:

  

             Plaintiff or Defendant


Weekly	Monthly	Yearly
(Fill in Appropriate Column)
Mortgage (including real estate taxes and homeowner’s insurance) or Rent	$
$
$
Health Insurance Premiums	 
 
 
Unreimbursed Medical  Expenses:
 Doctor	 
 
 
 Dentist	 
 
 
 Orthodontist	 
 
 
 Hospital	 
 
 
 Medicine	 
 
 
 Special Needs (glasses,  braces, orthopedic devices,  therapy)	 
 
 
Child Care	 
 
 
Private school	 
 
 
Parochial school	 
 
 
Loans/Debts	 
 
 
Support of Other Dependents:
 Other child support	 
 
 
 Alimony payments	 
 
 
 Other: (Specify)	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total	$
$
$
 (B)  Expense Statement for Cases Pursuant to Rule 1910.16-3.1 and Rule 1920.31. No later than five business days prior to the conference, the parties shall exchange this form, along with receipts or other verification of the expenses set forth on this form. Failure to comply with this provision may result in an appropriate order for sanctions and/or the entry of an interim order based upon the information provided.

EXPENSE STATEMENT OF
 

    (Name)        (PACSES Number)

 I verify that the statements made in this Expense Statement are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S.A. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

 Date:

  

             Plaintiff or Defendant


EXPENSES	MONTHLY
TOTAL	MONTHLY
CHILDREN	MONTHLY
PARENT
HOME			
 Mortgage or Rent	
 Maintenance	
 Lawn Care	
 2nd Mortgage	
UTILITIES
 Electric	
 Gas	
 Oil	
 Telephone	
 Cell Phone	
 Water	
 Sewer	
 Cable TV	
 Internet	
 Trash/
 Recycling	
TAXES
 Real Estate	
 Personal Property	
INSURANCE
 Homeowners/
  Renters	
 Automobile	
 Life	
 Accident/Disability	
 Excess Coverage	
 Long-Term Care	
AUTOMOBILE
 Lease or Loan Payments	
 Fuel	
 Repairs	
 Memberships	
MEDICAL
 Medical Insurance	
 Doctor	
 Dentist	
 Hospital	
 Medication	
 Counseling/Therapy	
 Orthodontist	
 Special Needs
  (glasses, etc.)	
EDUCATION
 Tuition	
 Tutoring	
 Lessons	
 Other	
PERSONAL
 Debt Service	
 Clothing	
 Groceries	
 Haircare	
 Memberships	
MISCELLANEOUS
 Child Care	
 Household Help	
 Summer Camp	
 Papers/Books/Magazines	
 Entertainment	
 Pet Expenses	
 Vacations	
 Gifts	
 Legal Fees/Prof. Fees	
 Charitable Contributions	
 Children’s Parties	
 Children’s Allowances	
 Other Child Support	
 Alimony Payments	
TOTAL MONTHLY EXPENSES
 (d)  The form used to obtain information relating to health insurance coverage from a party shall be in substantially the following form:

(Caption)
HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE INFORMATION
REQUIRED BY THE COURT

This form must be completed and returned to the domestic relations section.

IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE THE INFORMATION REQUESTED, THE COURT MAY FIND THAT YOU ARE IN CONTEMPT OF COURT.
 Do you provide insurance coverage for the dependents named below? (Check each type of insurance which you provide).

 Type of Coverage



Full Name SS #	Hospital-
zation
Medical	Dental	Eye	Prescrip-
tion
Other

			


			


			


			


			


			

 Note: Before forwarding the form to the party, the domestic relations section should fill in the names and Social Security numbers of the dependents about whom the information is sought.

 Provide the following information for all types of insurance you maintain, whether or not any of the above-named dependents is covered at this time:

 Insurance company (provider): 

Group #: 
 Plan #: 
 Policy #: 
Effective coverage date: 
 Type of coverage: 
Employee cost of coverage for dependents: 
 Insurance company (provider): 

Group #: 
 Plan #: 
 Policy #: 
Effective coverage date: 
 Type of coverage: 
Employee cost of coverage for dependents: 
 Insurance company (provider): 

Group #: 
 Plan #: 
 Policy #: 
Effective coverage date: 
 Type of coverage: 
Employee cost of coverage for dependents: 
 Insurance company (provider): 

Group #: 
 Plan #: 
 Policy #: 
Effective coverage date: 
 Type of coverage: 
Employee cost of coverage for dependents: 
 If the above-named dependents are not currently covered by insurance, please state the earliest date coverage could be provided. 

 (e)  The form of a support order shall be substantially as follows:

(Caption)
(FINAL) (TEMPORARY) (MODIFIED)
ORDER OF COURT
 AND NOW,

, based upon the Court’s determination that Payee’s monthly net income is $
, and Payor’s monthly net income is $
, it is hereby ordered that the Payor pay to the Domestic Relations Section, Court of Common Pleas,
Dollars ($
.
) a month payable (WEEKLY/BI-WEEKLY/SEMI-MONTHLY/MONTHLY) as follows:
. Arrears set at $
as of
are due in full IMMEDIATELY. Contempt proceedings, credit bureau reporting and tax refund offset certification will not be initiated, and judgment will not be entered, as long as payor pays $
on arrears on each payment date. Failure to make each payment on time and in full will cause all arrears to become subject to immediate collection by all of the means listed above.
 For the support of:









 Said money to be turned over by the domestic relations section to:



 Payments must be made (STATE ACCEPTABLE FORMS OF PAYMENT). All checks and money orders must be made payable to (NAME OF ENTITY TO WHOM CHECKS SHOULD BE MADE PAYABLE) and mailed to (NAME OF OFFICE) at (MAILING ADDRESS). Each payment must bear your (FILE/CASE/FOLIO/DOMESTIC RELATIONS) number in order to be processed. Do not send cash by mail.

 Unreimbursed medical expenses are to be paid

% by defendant and
% by plaintiff. (PLAINTIFF/DEFENDANT/NEITHER) to provide medical insurance coverage. Within 30 days after the entry of this order, the party ordered to provide medical insurance shall submit to the other party written proof that medical insurance coverage has been obtained or that application for coverage has been made. Proof of coverage shall consist, at a minimum, of: 1) the name of the health care coverage provider(s); 2) any applicable identification numbers; 3) any cards evidencing coverage; 4) the address to which claims should be made; 5) a description of any restrictions on usage, such as prior approval for hospital admissions, and the manner of obtaining approval; 6) a copy of the benefit booklet or coverage contract; 7) a description of all deductibles and co-payments; and 8) five copies of any claim forms.
 IMPORTANT LEGAL NOTICE

   PARTIES MUST WITHIN SEVEN DAYS INFORM THE DOMESTIC RELATIONS SECTION AND THE OTHER PARTIES, IN WRITING, OF ANY MATERIAL CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES RELEVANT TO THE LEVEL OF SUPPORT OR THE ADMINISTRATION OF THE SUPPORT ORDER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OR CHANGE OF INCOME OR EMPLOYMENT AND CHANGE OF PERSONAL ADDRESS OR CHANGE OF ADDRESS OF ANY CHILD RECEIVING SUPPORT. A PARTY WHO WILLFULLY FAILS TO REPORT A MATERIAL CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCE MAY BE ADJUDGED IN CONTEMPT OF COURT, AND MAY BE FINED OR IMPRISONED.

   PENNSYLVANIA LAW PROVIDES THAT ALL SUPPORT ORDERS SHALL BE REVIEWED AT LEAST ONCE EVERY THREE (3) YEARS IF SUCH A REVIEW IS REQUESTED BY ONE OF THE PARTIES. IF YOU WISH TO REQUEST A REVIEW AND ADJUSTMENT OF YOUR ORDER, YOU MUST DO THE FOLLOWING: AN UNREPRESENTED PERSON WHO WANTS TO MODIFY (ADJUST) A SUPPORT ORDER SHOULD (insert instructions for local domestic relations section).

   ALL CHARGING ORDERS FOR SPOUSAL SUPPORT AND ALIMONY PENDENTE LITE, INCLUDING UNALLOCATED ORDERS FOR CHILD AND SPOUSAL SUPPORT OR CHILD SUPPORT AND ALIMONY PENDENTE LITE, SHALL TERMINATE UPON THE DEATH OF THE PAYEE.

   A MANDATORY INCOME ATTACHMENT WILL ISSUE UNLESS THE DEFENDANT IS NOT IN ARREARS IN PAYMENT IN AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO OR GREATER THAN ONE MONTH’S SUPPORT OBLIGATION AND (1) THE COURT FINDS THAT THERE IS GOOD CAUSE NOT TO REQUIRE IMMEDIATE INCOME WITHHOLDING; OR (2) A WRITTEN AGREEMENT IS REACHED BETWEEN THE PARTIES WHICH PROVIDES FOR AN ALTERNATE ARRANGEMENT.

   DELINQUENT ARREARAGE BALANCES MAY BE REPORTED TO CREDIT AGENCIES. ON AND AFTER THE DATE IT IS DUE, EACH UNPAID SUPPORT PAYMENT SHALL CONSTITUTE A JUDGMENT AGAINST YOU.

   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that, upon payor’s failure to comply with this order, payor may be arrested and brought before the Court for a Contempt hearing; payor’s wages, salary, commissions, and/or income may be attached in accordance with law; this Order will be increased without further hearing to $

a month until all arrearages are paid in full. Payor is responsible for court costs and fees.
   Copies delivered to parties

(INDICATE DATE DELIVERED).


Consented:
Plaintiff	Plaintiff’s Attorney
Defendant	Defendant’s Attorney
BY THE COURT:
J.     
 (f)  A petition for modification of support shall be in substantially the following form:

 (Caption)

 PETITION FOR MODIFICATION
OF AN EXISTING SUPPORT ORDER

   1. The petition of

respectfully represents that on
, 19
, an Order of Court was entered for the support of
. A true and correct copy of the order is attached to this petition.
   2. Petitioner is entitled to

* of this Order because of the following material and substantial change(s) in circumstance:
*Fill in the relief sought, i.e. increase, decrease, modification, termination, suspension, vacation
 WHEREFORE, Petitioner requests that the Court modify the existing order for support.

 

(Attorney for Petitioner)(Petitioner)
 I verify that the statements made in this complaint are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

…
     Date…Petitioner    
 (g)  The order to be attached at the front of the petition for modification set forth in subdivision (f) shall be in substantially the following form:

 (Caption)

 ORDER OF COURT

 You,

, Respondent, have been sued in Court to modify an existing support order. You are ordered to appear in person at
on
at
.M., for a conference/ hearing and to remain until dismissed by the Court. If you fail to appear as provided in this Order, an Order for Modification may be entered against you.
 You are further ordered to bring to the conference

   (1)  a true copy of your most recent Federal Income Tax Return, including W-2s, as filed,

   (2)  your pay stubs for the preceding six months,

   (3)  the Income Statement and appropriate Expense Statement, if required, attached to this order, completed as required by Rule 1910.11(c),

   (4)  verification of child care expenses, and

   (5)  proof of medical coverage which you may have, or may have available to you.

   (6)  If a physician has determined that a medical condition affects your ability to earn income, you must obtain a Physician Verification Form from the domestic relations section, sign it, have it completed by your doctor, and bring it with you to the conference.

 THE TRIER OF FACT MAY INCREASE, DECREASE OR TERMINATE THE EXISTING ORDER BASED UPON THE EVIDENCE PRESENTED. AN ORDER MAY BE ENTERED AGAINST EITHER PARTY WITHOUT REGARD TO WHICH PARTY FILED THE MODIFICATION PETITION.
Date of Order:

  
J.
  YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO A LAWYER, WHO MAY ATTEND THE CONFERENCE AND REPRESENT YOU. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER. IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.


(Name)

(Address)

(Telephone Number)
 AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990

 The Court of Common Pleas of

County is required by law to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. For information about accessible facilities and reasonable accommodations available to disabled individuals having business before the court, please contact our office. All arrangements must be made at least 72 hours prior to any hearing or business before the court. You must attend the scheduled conference or hearing.
 (h)  A petition for recovery of a support overpayment when a support order remains in effect shall be in substantially the following form:

(Caption)
Petition for Recovery of Support Overpayment in Active Case.

   1.  Obligor and Obligee are parties in a support action at the docket number captioned above.

   2.  There is an overpayment owing to Obligor in an amount in excess of two months of the monthly support obligation.

   

   Wherefore, Obligor requests that, pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.19(g)(1), the charging order be reduced by 20% or an amount sufficient to retire the overpayment by the time the charging order is terminated.

   


  Date          Petitioner or Attorney for Petitioner
   I verify that the statements in this petition are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information and belief. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

   

  

    (date)        (Petitioner signature)
 (i)  A petition for recovery of a support overpayment when a support order has been terminated shall be in substantially the following form:


(Caption)
Petition for Recovery of Support Overpayment in Closed Case.
   1.  Plaintiff is an adult individual residing at:

   

   

   2.  Defendant is an adult individual residing at:

   

   

   3.  Plaintiff and defendant were parties in a prior support action that was terminated by order dated

at docket number
.
   4.  There is an overpayment owing to the instant plaintiff.

   Wherefore, the plaintiff requests that, pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.19(g)(2), an order be entered against the defendant and in favor of the plaintiff in the amount of the overpayment.

   


  Date          Petitioner or Attorney for Petitioner
   I verify that the statements in this petition are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information and belief. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

   

  

    (date)        (Petitioner signature)
 (j)  The order to be attached at the front of the petition for recovery of support overpayment in closed case set forth in subdivision (i) shall be in substantially the following form:

(Caption)
ORDER OF COURT
 You,

, defendant, are ordered to appear at
before
, a conference officer of the Domestic Relations Section, on the
day of
, 20
, at
.M., for a conference, after which the officer may recommend that an order for the recovery of a support overpayment be entered against you.
 You are further ordered to bring to the conference

   (1)  a true copy of your most recent federal income tax return, including W-2s, as filed,

   (2)  your pay stubs for the preceding six months, and

   (3)  the Income Statement and the appropriate Expense Statement, if you are claiming that you have unusual needs or unusual fixed obligations.

 Date of Order:


J.
 YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO A LAWYER, WHO MAY ATTEND THE CONFERENCE AND REPRESENT YOU. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER.

 IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.

 


(Name)
 


(Address)
 


(Telephone Number)

AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990
 The Court of Common Pleas of

County is required by law to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. For information about accessible facilities and reasonable accommodations available to disabled individuals having business before the court, please contact our office. All arrangements must be made at least 72 hours prior to any hearing or business before the court. You must attend the scheduled conference or hearing.
Explanatory Comment—1994
   The support complaint and Income and Expense Statements contain a verification which states that the documents are subject to the penalties of the Crimes Code relating to unsworn falsification to authorities. A notary public is not needed.

Explanatory Comment—2006
   Rule 1910.27(c) is amended to separate income and expense information and to elicit the expense information relevant in cases that fall within the guidelines, as well as those that do not. In cases which can be determined under the guidelines, no expense information need be provided unless a party is claiming unusual needs and expenses that may warrant a deviation pursuant to Rule 1910.16-5 or an apportionment of expenses pursuant to Rule 1910.16-6. If a party is claiming such expenses, the form at subsection (c)(2)(A) should be submitted. A separate expense form for cases in which the parties’ combined monthly net income exceeds $20,000 is set forth at subsection (c)(2)(B).

   Rule 1910.11(c) was amended, effective in March 1995, to provide that only income and extraordinary expenses need be shown on the Income and Expense Statement in cases which can be determined pursuant to the guidelines. The Explanatory Comment—1994 explained the rationale for the amendment.

   Nevertheless, because space for both income and expense information was provided on the same form Income and Expense Statement, parties often needlessly expended time and effort to provide expense information that was not relevant at the conference. The amendments are intended to clarify and simplify the submission of expense information.

Explanatory Comment—2010
   When the combined net monthly income of the parties exceeds $30,000, the case will be decided pursuant to Rule 1910.16-3.1 and the Income Statement and the Expense Statement at Rule 1910.27(c)(2)(B) must be submitted.

Explanatory Comment—2012
   The form complaint for support in subdivision (a) has been amended to accommodate cases initiated pursuant to Rule 1910.3(a)(6). Because a support order may be entered against either party without regard to which party initiated the support action pursuant to Rule 1910.3(b), a party who believes that he or she may owe a duty of support may use the complaint form to initiate the action even if he or she ultimately is determined to be the obligor. In active charging support cases in which there is an overpayment in an amount in excess of two months of the monthly support obligation and the domestic relations section fails to reduce the charging order automatically to recoup the overpayment pursuant to Rule 1910.19(g)(1), the obligor may file a petition for recovery as set forth in subdivision (h) above. A separate form petition has been added in subdivision (i) by which a former support obligor may seek recovery of an overpayment in any amount in terminated cases pursuant to Rule 1910.19(g)(2).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.27 amended March 23, 1987, effective July 1, 1987, 17 Pa.B. 1499; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1953; amended December 2, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 25 Pa.B. 6263; amended March 24, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1549; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended June 5, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 3306; amended June 24, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 3389; amended March 18, 2004, effective June 16, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 1754; amended November 8, 2006, effective February 6, 2007, 36 Pa.B. 7113; amended August 13, 2008, effective October 12, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 4736; amended January 12, 2010, effective May 12, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 586; amended August 26, 2011, effective November 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 4847; amended November 5, 2012, effective December 5, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 7091; amended November 30, 2012, effective December 30, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 7522; amended September 25, 2014, effective in 30 days on October 25, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 6553; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390099) to (390106), (365307) to (365312), (374093) to (374094) and (390107).

Rule 1910.28. Order for Earnings and Health Insurance Information.
Form of Earnings Report. Form of Health Insurance
Coverage Information.
 (a)  The order for earnings and health insurance information shall be in substantially the following form:

 (Caption)

 ORDER FOR EARNINGS REPORT, HEALTH
INSURANCE INFORMATION AND SUBPOENA

   TO:

   TO:

   TO:

 AND NOW, this

day of
, 20
, since it appears that
is employed by you, and it is necessary       Name of employee
that the Court obtain earnings and health insurance information relating to the above-named individual in order to adjudicate a matter of support, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED AND DECREED that you supply the Court with the information required by the enclosed Earnings Report and Health Insurance Coverage Report and file them with the Court within fifteen (15) days of the date of this order.
 If you fail to supply the information required by this Order, a subpoena will issue requiring you to attend Court and bring the material with you, or other appropriate sanctions will be imposed by the Court.

 BY THE COURT:

J.
 (b) The employer shall file an Earnings Report substantially in the following form:



Employer:
Re: Name
    Social Security No.
    Support Action No.
   EARNINGS REPORT

   To the Employer:
 Furnish earnings information for the above-named employee for each pay period during the last six months. It is preferred that you attach a photocopy of your records containing the earnings information requested. Attach a copy of the employe’s most recent W-2 Form.



Payroll Number:

Nature of Employment:

Payroll Period Ending	
Date of Pay	
Gross Pay	
Deductions	
Fed. Withholding	
Social Security	
Local Wage Tax	
State Income Tax	
Payroll Period Ending	
Date of Pay	
Gross Pay	
Deductions	
Fed. Withholding	
Social Security	
Local Wage Tax	
State Income Tax	
Retirement	
Savings Bonds	
Credit Union	
Life Insurance	
Health Insurance	
Other (Specify)
Net Pay	
Hours Worked	
   I verify that the statements made in this Earning Report are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.
Date:

…Signed

by:
Position:
 (c)  The form which the employer uses to report health insurance coverage information shall be substantially as follows:

   Official Note

   the information requested in the following report may be provided by an employer on its own form, for example, as a computer print out.

 (Caption)
HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE REPORT

 This information must be completed and returned within 15 days. Failure to comply may result in issuance of a subpoena or other appropriate sanctions.

   Employee’s Name:

Employee’s Social Security #:
 Does the employer make medical, dental, eye care, prescription or other insurance coverage available to the employee? Yes  No 

 Name the dependents covered under the employee’s insurance, and indicate which types of coverage they have through your company.


Type of Coverage
Full Name SS #	Hospital-
ization
Medical	Dental	Eye	Prescrip-
tion	Other

				
					
					
					
					
					
 Provide the information indicated for each type of insurance which is available to the employee, whether or not any of the above-named dependents are covered at this time:

   Insurance company (provider):

Group #:
 Plan #:
 Policy #:
Effective coverage date:
 Type of coverage:
Cost of coverage for dependents:
   Insurance company (provider):

Group #:
 Plan #:
 Policy #:
Effective coverage date:
 Type of coverage:
Cost of coverage for dependents:
   Insurance company (provider):

Group #:
 Plan #:
 Policy #:
Effective coverage date:
 Type of coverage:
Cost of coverage for dependents:
   Insurance company (provider):

Group #:
 Plan #:
 Policy #:
Effective coverage date:
 Type of coverage:
Cost of coverage for dependents:
 If the above-named dependents are not currently covered by insurance, please state the earliest date coverage could be provided.

 PLEASE PROVIDE FORMS NECESSARY TO
ADD DEPENDENTS, AS THE EMPLOYEE MAY
BE ORDERED TO PROVIDE COVERAGE FOR THEM.

 I verify that the statements made in this Health Insurance Coverage information form are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

   Date:

  Signature:
Title:   

Source
   The provisions of this §  1910.28 amended March 23, 1987, effective July 1, 1987, 17 Pa.B. 1499; amended December 2, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 25 Pa.B. 6263; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended September 24, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 5044. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (290225) to (290226) and (267769).

Rule 1910.29. Evidence in Support Matters.
 (a)  Record Hearing. Except as provided in this rule, the Pennsylvania Rules of Evidence shall be followed in all record hearings conducted in an action for support. A verified petition, affidavit or document, and any document incorporated by reference therein which would not be excluded under the hearsay rule if given in person shall be admitted into evidence if (1) at least 20 days’ written notice of the intention to offer them into evidence was given to the adverse party accompanied by a copy of each document to be offered; (2) the other party does not object to their admission into evidence; and (3) the evidence is offered under oath by the party or witness. An objection must be in writing and served on the proponent of the document within 10 days of the date of service of the notice of intention to offer the evidence. When an objection is properly made, the Pennsylvania Rules of Evidence shall apply to determine the admissibility of the document into evidence.

 (b)  Medical Evidence.

   (1)  Non-Record Proceeding. In a non-record hearing, if a physician has determined that a medical condition affects a party’s ability to earn income and that party obtains a Physician Verification Form from the domestic relations section, has it completed by the party’s physician and submits it at the conference, it may be considered by the conference officer. If a party is receiving Social Security disability or workers’ compensation benefits, the party shall submit copies of the disability or workers’ compensation determination in lieu of the Physician Verification Form.

   (2)  Record Proceeding. If the matter proceeds to a record hearing and the party wishes to introduce the completed Physician Verification Form into evidence, he or she must serve the form on the other party not later than 20 days after the conference. The other party may file and serve an objection to the introduction of the form within 10 days of the date of service. If an objection is made and the physician testifies, the trier of fact shall have the discretion to allocate the costs of the physician’s testimony between the parties. If there is no objection, the form may be admitted into evidence without the testimony of the physician. In the event that the record hearing is held sooner than 30 days after the conference, the trier of fact may provide appropriate relief, such as granting a continuance to the objecting party.

   (3)  The Physician Verification Form shall be substantially in the following form:

   IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
OF

COUNTY
   Member Name:

   Docket Number:

   PACSES Case Number:

   Other State ID Number:

   PHYSICIAN VERIFICATION FORM

 TO BE COMPLETED BY THE TREATING PHYSICIAN

   Physician’s name:

   Physician’s license number:

   Nature of patient’s sickness or injury:

   

   


   


   Date of first treatment:

   Date of most recent treatment:

   Frequency of treatments:

   Medication:

   The patient has had a medical condition that affects his or her ability to earn income from:

through
   If the patient is unable to work, when should the patient be able to return to work? Will there be limitations?

   


   


   Remarks:

   


   


   Date:

   Signature of Treating Physician:

   Physician’s address:

   


   


   


   Physician’s telephone number:

   I authorize my physician to release the above information to the

County Domestic Relations Section.
   Patient’s signature:

Date:

Explanatory Comment—2000
   23 Pa.C.S. §  4342(f) creates a hearsay exception in support actions to permit a verified petition, affidavit or document and a document incorporated by reference in any of them to be admitted into evidence if it would not otherwise be excluded as hearsay if given in person and it is admitted under oath by a party or witness to the support action. Rule 1910.29 requires that notice of the documents to be admitted be given to the other party prior to the hearing. It also sets forth the procedures for raising an objection to the admission of those documents.

   If the requisite 20-day notice is given and there is no objection, the document must be admitted into evidence under this rule and 23 Pa.C.S. §  4342(f). In the event an objection is timely made, the rules of evidence apply to determine the document’s ultimate admissibility.

   Rule 1910.29 is not intended to affect 23 Pa.C.S. §  4342(g) and (h) relating to admissibility of payment records, billing statements and bills for genetic testing and prenatal and postnatal health care of the mother and child. Those documents are admissible into evidence without advance notice for the limited purposes which are expressly set forth in those statutory provisions.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.29 amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended December 2, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6263; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended November 30, 2012, effective December 30, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 7522. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (324707).

Rule 1910.30. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.30 amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1953; rescinded May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (200369) to (200370).

Rule 1910.31. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.31 amended April 23, 1985, effective July 1, 1985, 15 Pa.B. 1726; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; rescinded May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (200370) and (252117).

Rule 1910.49. Acts of Assembly Not Suspended.
 The rules governing an action for support shall not be deemed to suspend or affect the following Acts or parts of Acts of Assembly:

   (1)  Chapter 43 of Title 23 of the Consolidated Statutes, 23 Pa.C.S. §  4301 et seq., relating to support matters generally;

   (2)  Chapter 45 of Title 23 of the Consolidated Statutes, 23 Pa.C.S. §  4501 et seq., except §  4533, known as the Revised Uniform Reciprocal Enforcement of Support Act (1968);

   (3)  Section 1 of the Act of June 11, 1913, P. L. 468, 48 P. S. §  133, relating to execution of a support order against real property owned by the entireties;

   (4)  Sections 1 to 5 of the Act of May 24, 1923, P. L. 446, 48 P. S. § §  137—141, only insofar as the Act authorizes execution against real estate held by the entireties;

   (5)  The Act of December 19, 1990, P. L. 1240, No. 206, 23 Pa.C.S. §  3507, insofar as it provides for tenancy in common of property held by the entireties after divorce; and

   Official Note

   See the Divorce Code as to equitable distribution of property in divorce actions.

   (6) The Act of December 19, 1990, P. L. 1240, No. 206, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6101, known as the Protection from Abuse Act.

   Official Note

   The Protection from Abuse Act provides a procedure to obtain a temporary order of support in addition to other relief.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.49 adopted November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (142514) to (142515).

Rule 1910.50. Suspension of Acts of Assembly.
 The following Acts or parts of Acts of Assembly are suspended insofar as they apply to the practice and procedure in an action for support:

   (1)  Section 3 of the Support Law of June 24, 1937, P. L. 2045, 62 P. S. §  1973, insofar as it provides a procedure to enforce the liability of relatives for the support of an indigent person; and

   (2)  Section 4 of Act 1996-20, 23 Pa.C.S. §  4342, insofar as it provides that long arm jurisdiction shall be used in preference to proceedings under Part VIII-A relating to intrastate family support actions;

   (3)  Act Nos. 1997-58 and 1998-127 insofar as they are inconsistent with Rule 1910.20 relating to the availability of remedies for collection of past due and overdue support;

   (4)  Section 4 of Act 1997-58, 23 Pa.C.S. §  4342(f), insofar as it is inconsistent with Rule 1910.29 as it relates to record hearings in support actions;

   (5)  Section 4 of Act 1998-127, 23 Pa.C.S. §  4352(d), insofar as it is inconsistent with Rule 1910.22 providing that overdue support on public record at the domestic relations section constitutes a lien of record against all real property within the state of Pennsylvania which is owned by the obligor;

   (6)  Section 4 of Act 1998-127, 23 Pa.C.S. §  4352(d.1), only insofar as subsection (1) of that provision provided that the underlying support action shall either be pending at the county domestic relations section or shall be forced by the county domestic relations section in order for a lien to arise against real property located in that county; and

   (7)  All Acts or parts of Acts of Assembly inconsistent with these rules to the extent of such inconsistency.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1910.50 adopted November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5326; amended December 18, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 16; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended November 30, 2012, effective December 30, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 7522. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (324708) to (324709).






















~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter1915/chap1915toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 1915. ACTIONS FOR CUSTODY
OF MINOR CHILDREN
Rule


1915.1.     Scope. Definitions.
1915.2.     Venue.
1915.3.     Commencement of Action. Complaint. Order.
1915.3-1.     Withdrawal of Pleading. Discontinuance of Action.
1915.3-2.     Criminal Record or Abuse History.
1915.3-3.     Report of Child Abuse and Protective Services.
1915.3-4.     Form For Report of Child Abuse and Protective Services.
1915.4.     Prompt Disposition of Custody Cases.
1915.4-1.     Alternative Hearing Procedures for Partial Custody Actions.
1915.4-2.     Partial Custody. Office Conference. Hearing. Record. Exceptions. Order.
1915.4-3.     Non-Record Proceedings. Trials.
1915.4-4.     Pre-Trial Procedures.
1915.5.     Question of Jurisdiction, Venue, or Standing. Counterclaim. Discovery. No Responsive Pleading by Defendant Required.
1915.6.     Joinder of Parties.
1915.7.     Consent Order.
1915.8.     Physical and Mental Examination of Persons.
1915.9.     No Default Judgment.
1915.10.     Decision. Order.
1915.11.     Appointing Child’s Attorney. Child Interview. Child Attending Proceedings.
1915.11-1.     Parenting Coordination.
1915.11-2.     Guardian Ad Litem.
1915.11-3.     Certification of Parenting Coordination Program.
1915.12.     Civil Contempt for Disobedience of Custody Order. Petition. Form of Petition. Service. Order.
1915.13.     Special Relief.
1915.14.     Disobedience of Order. Arrest. Contempt.
1915.15.     Form of Complaint. Caption. Order. Petition to Modify a Custody Order.
1915.16.     Form of Order and Notice. Joinder. Intervention.
1915.17.     Relocation. Notice and Counter-Affidavit.
1915.18.     Form of Order Directing Expert Examination and Report.
1915.19.     Form of Order Appointing Counsel for the Child.
1915.21.     Form of Order Appointing Guardian Ad Litem.
1915.22.     Form of Order Appointing Parenting Coordinator.
1915.23.     Form of the Summary and Recommendation of the Parenting Coordinator.
1915.24.     Acts of Assembly Not Suspended.
1915.25.     Suspension of Acts of Assembly.
Source
   The provisions of these Rules 1915.1—1915.25 adopted December 10, 1981, effective July 1, 1982, 12 Pa.B. 867; by order of June 25, 1982 and November 8, 1982, the effective date was extended to January 1, 1983, 12 Pa.B. 2169 and 12 Pa.B. 4040, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 1915.1. Scope. Definitions.
 (a)  These rules govern the practice and procedure in all actions for legal and physical custody of minor children, including habeas corpus proceedings and claims for custody asserted in an action of divorce.

   Official Note

   The term custody includes shared legal custody, sole legal custody, partial physical custody, primary physical custody, shared physical custody, sole physical custody and supervised physical custody. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  5322(a). Rule 1920.32(a) provides that when a claim for custody is joined with the action of divorce, the practice and procedure governing the claim for custody shall be in accordance with these rules.

 (b)  As used in this chapter, unless the context of a rule indicates otherwise, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

   ‘‘action,’’ all proceedings for legal and physical custody and proceedings for modification of prior orders of any court;

   ‘‘child,’’ an unemancipated individual under 18 years of age;

   ‘‘conference officer,’’ an individual who presides over an office conference pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-2(a) or the initial non-record proceeding under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-3(a). For purposes of these rules, a conciliator is synonymous with a conference officer;

   ‘‘custody,’’ the legal right to keep, control, guard, care for, and preserve a child and includes the terms ‘‘legal custody,’’ ‘‘physical custody,’’ and ‘‘shared custody;’’

   ‘‘hearing officer,’’ a lawyer who conducts a record hearing on partial custody cases pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-2(b);

   ‘‘home county,’’ the county in which the child lived with either or both parents, a person acting as a parent, or in an institution for at least six consecutive months immediately preceding the filing of the action, and in the case of a child less than six months old, the county in which the child lived from birth with any of the persons mentioned. A period of temporary absence of the child from the physical custody of the parent, institution, or person acting as parent shall not affect the six-month or other period;

   ‘‘in loco parentis,’’ a person who puts himself or herself in the situation of a lawful parent by assuming the obligations incident to the parental relationship without going through the formality of a legal adoption. The status of in loco parentis embodies two ideas: (1) the assumption of a parental status; and (2) the discharge of parental duties;

   Official Note

   See A.S. v. I.S., 130 A.3d 763, 766 n.3 (Pa. 2015).

   ‘‘legal custody,’’ the right to make major decisions on behalf of the child, including, but not limited to, medical, religious, and educational decisions;

   ‘‘mediator,’’ an individual qualified under Pa.R.C.P. No. 1940.4 and who assists custody litigants independently from the procedures set forth in Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1915.1—1915.25 by engaging the litigants in the alternative dispute principles in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1940.2 to resolve custody matters in whole or in part;

   ‘‘mediation,’’ the confidential process by which a neutral mediator assists the parties in attempting to reach a mutually acceptable agreement on issues arising in a custody action. Mediation is not a court proceeding; rather, it is an independent, non-record proceeding in lieu of court involvement for the purpose of assisting the parties to address the child’s best interest. An agreement reached by the parties must be based on the voluntary decisions of the parties and not the decision of the mediator. The agreement may resolve all or only some of the disputed issues. The parties are required to mediate in good faith, but are not compelled to reach an agreement. While mediation is an alternative means of conflict resolution, it is not a substitute for the benefit of legal advice. The participants in mediation shall be limited to the parties to the custody action, primarily the child’s parents and persons acting as parents. Except as provided in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1940.5(c), non-parties, including children, grandparents, and the parties’ attorneys, shall not participate in the mediation.

   ‘‘non-record proceeding,’’ the initial office conference set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-3. Mediation, as outlined in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1940.1—1940.9, shall not be construed as a non-record proceeding;

   ‘‘partial physical custody,’’ the right to assume physical custody of the child for less than a majority of the time;

   ‘‘person acting as a parent,’’ a person other than a parent, including an institution, who has physical custody of a child and who has either been awarded custody by a court or claims a right to custody. See also the definition of in loco parentis;

   ‘‘physical custody,’’ the actual physical possession and control of a child;

   ‘‘primary physical custody,’’ the right to assume physical custody of the child for the majority of time;

   ‘‘relocation,’’ a change in a residence of the child that significantly impairs the ability of a non-relocating party to exercise custodial rights;

   ‘‘shared legal custody,’’ the right of more than one individual to legal custody of the child;

   ‘‘shared physical custody,’’ the right of more than one individual to assume physical custody of the child, each having significant periods of physical custodial time with the child;

   ‘‘sole legal custody,’’ the right of one individual to exclusive legal custody of the child;

   ‘‘sole physical custody,’’ the right of one individual to exclusive physical custody of the child; and

   ‘‘supervised physical custody,’’ custodial time during which an agency or an adult designated by the court or agreed upon by the parties monitors the interaction between the child and the individual with those rights.

   Official Note

   The term ‘‘supervised visitation’’ in the prior statute has been replaced by the term ‘‘supervised physical custody.’’

   Official Note

   The definitions of the terms of the various forms of legal custody and physical custody are taken from 23 Pa.C.S. §  5322(a).

   For additional definitions, see the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  5402.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.1 amended November 8, 1982, effective January 1, 1983, 12 Pa.B. 4040; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5323; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended November 19, 2008, effective immediately, 38 Pa.B. 6595; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended February 8, 2018, effective April 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 1095. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (381079) to (381080) and (390109).

Rule 1915.2. Venue.
 (a)  An action may be brought in any county

   (1)  (i) which is the home county of the child at the time of commencement of the proceeding, or

     (ii)   which had been the child’s home county within six months before commencement of the proceeding and the child is absent from the county but a parent or person acting as parent continues to live in the county; or

   (2)  when the court of another county does not have venue under subdivision (1), and the child and the child’s parents, or the child and at least one parent or a person acting as a parent, have a significant connection with the county other than mere physical presence and there is available within the county substantial evidence concerning the child’s protection, training and personal relationships; or

   (3)  when all counties in which venue is proper pursuant to subdivisions (1) and (2) have found that the court before which the action is pending is the more appropriate forum to determine the custody of the child; or

   (4)  when it appears that venue would not be proper in any other county under prerequisites substantially in accordance with paragraph (1), (2) or (3); or

   (5)  when the child is present in the county and has been abandoned or it is necessary in an emergency to protect the child because the child or a sibling or parent of the child is subjected to or threatened with mistreatment or abuse.

 (b)  Physical presence of the child or a party, while desirable, is not necessary or sufficient to make a child custody determination except as provided in subdivision (a)(5) above.

 (c)  The court at any time may transfer an action to the appropriate court of any other county where the action could originally have been brought or could be brought if it determines that it is an inconvenient forum under the circumstances and the court of another county is the more appropriate forum. It shall be the duty of the prothonotary of the court in which the action is pending to forward to the prothonotary of the county to which the action is transferred certified copies of the docket entries, process, pleadings and other papers filed in the action. The costs and fees of the petition for transfer and the removal of the record shall be paid by the petitioner in the first instance to be taxable as costs in the case.

   Official Note

   Under the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act, 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  5401 et seq., the court may decline to exercise its jurisdiction in a particular action despite the action having been brought in a county of proper venue. Section 5426 of the act, relating to simultaneous proceedings in other courts, provides for the mandatory refusal by the court to exercise its jurisdiction in an action. Section 5427 of the act, relating to inconvenient forum, and §  5428 of the act, relating to jurisdiction declined by reason of conduct, provide for the discretionary refusal by the court to exercise its jurisdiction.

Explanatory Comment—2008
   Subdivision (a) of Rule 1915.2 incorporates the categories of jurisdiction for initial custody determinations and temporary emergency proceedings in the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act at 23 Pa.C.S.A. § §  5421 and 5424 as the venue provisions for these rules, restating them in rule form without change in substance. Subdivision (a) follows the policy of §  5471 of the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act, which provides that the provisions of the act ‘‘allocating jurisdiction and functions between and among courts of different states shall also allocate jurisdiction and functions between and among courts of common pleas of this Commonwealth.’’

   Subdivision (b), relating to the effect of the physical presence of the child or a party within a county, follows §  5421(c) without substantial change.

   Subdivision (c) follows the inconvenient forum provisions of 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  5427.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.2 amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended November 19, 2008, effective immediately, 38 Pa.B. 6596. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (285551) to (285552).

Rule 1915.3. Commencement of Action. Complaint. Order.
 (a)  Except as provided in subdivision (c), the plaintiff shall commence a custody action by filing a verified complaint substantially in the form provided by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.15(a).

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). This rule may require attorneys or unrepresented parties to file confidential documents and documents containing confidential information that are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania.

 (b)  An order shall be attached to the complaint or petition for modification directing the defendant to appear at a time and place specified. The order shall be substantially in the form provided by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.15(c).

   Official Note

   See Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  5430(d), relating to costs and expenses for appearance of parties and child, and 23 Pa.C.S. §  5471, relating to intrastate application of the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act.

 (c)  A custody claim that is joined with a divorce action shall be asserted in the divorce complaint or a subsequent petition, which shall be substantially in the form provided by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.15(a).

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.13(b) (claims that are joined in a divorce action shall be raised in a complaint or a subsequent petition).

 (d)  If the child’s mother is not married and the child has no legal or presumptive father, a putative father initiating a custody action shall file a paternity claim pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  5103 and attach a copy to the custody complaint.

   Official Note

   If a putative father is uncertain of paternity, the correct procedure is to commence a civil action for paternity pursuant to the procedures set forth at Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.6.

 

 (e) Pleading Facts Establishing Standing.

   (1)  An individual seeking physical or legal custody of a child, who is in loco parentis to the child, shall plead facts establishing standing under 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324(2) in Paragraph 9(a) of the complaint in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.15(a).

   (2)  A grandparent seeking physical or legal custody of a grandchild, who is not in loco parentis to the child, shall plead facts establishing standing under 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324(3) in Paragraph 9(b) of the complaint in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.15(a).

   (3)  An individual seeking physical or legal custody of a child, who is not in loco parentis to the child, shall plead facts establishing standing under 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324(4) and (5) in Paragraph 9(c) of the complaint in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.15(a).

   (4)  A grandparent or great-grandparent seeking partial physical custody or supervised physical custody of a grandchild or great-grandchild shall plead facts establishing standing under 23 Pa.C.S. §  5325 in Paragraph 9(d) of the complaint in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.15(a).

   (f)  An unemancipated minor parent may commence, maintain, or defend a custody action of the minor parent’s child without the requirement of the appointment of a guardian for the minor parent.

Comment—2020
   Act of May 4, 2018, P.L. 112, No. 21, amended 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324 by adding a new class of third-party standing for individuals seeking custody of a child whose parents do not have care and control of the child. The individual seeking custody may or may not be related to the child. Subject to Section 5324(5), the newly added standing provision requires that: (1) the individual has assumed or is willing to assume responsibility for the child; (2) the individual has a sustained, substantial, and sincere interest in the child’s welfare; and (3) the child’s parents do not have care and control of the child. A plaintiff proceeding under Section 5324(4) shall satisfy the requirements of that provision by clear and convincing evidence. Additionally, if a juvenile dependency proceeding has been initiated, or is ongoing, or there is an order for permanent legal custody, Section 5324(5) provides that an individual cannot assert standing under Section 5324(4).

   Consistent with the Act 21 of 2018 statutory changes, subdivision (e) has been revised to include a third party seeking custody of a child under 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324(4). The subdivision has been reorganized to sequentially follow the statutory provisions in 23 Pa.C.S. § §  5324(2)—(4) and 5325. Similarly, the Complaint for Custody Paragraph 9 in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.15(a) has been reorganized to sequentially follow the statutory provisions and rules sequence, as well. See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.15(a).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.3 amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended October 30, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 6273; amended October 31, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 5632; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended July 20, 2015, effective September 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 4158; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520; amended July 27, 2020, effective October 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 4019. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (392629) to (392630).

Rule 1915.3-1. Withdrawal of Pleading. Discontinuance of Action.
 (a)  Withdrawal of Pleading. A custody pleading cannot be withdrawn after the issuance of a scheduling order or notice of conference regarding claims made in the pleading except

   (1)  by leave of court after notice to the non-moving party, or

   (2)  by written agreement of the parties.

 (b)  Discontinuance of a Custody Action.

   (1)  A custody action may be discontinued by praecipe only upon a verified statement by the moving party that the complaint has not been served.

   (2)  A custody action cannot be discontinued after the complaint has been served except

     (A)   by leave of court after notice to the non-moving party, or

     (B)   by written agreement of the parties.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.3-1 adopted June 25, 2013, effective in 30 days on July 25, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 3936.

Rule 1915.3-2. Criminal Record or Abuse History.
 (a)  Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification.

   (1)  Confidential Document. A party’s filed Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form shall be confidential and shall not be publicly accessible.

   (2)  Plaintiff or Petitioner. Contemporaneous with filing a custody action or a contempt proceeding, the plaintiff or petitioner shall:

     (i)   complete, sign, and file with the prothonotary a Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form for the party and any member of that party’s household, as provided in subdivision (c); and

     (ii)   serve the complaint, petition, or counterclaim on the defendant or respondent with:

       (A)   a copy of the filed Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form; and

       (B)   a blank Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form for the defendant or respondent to complete and file.

   (3)  Defendant or Respondent. After being served pursuant to subdivision (a)(2)(ii), the defendant or respondent shall:

     (i)   complete, sign, and serve on the plaintiff or petitioner the Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form for the defendant or respondent and any member of that party’s household no less than one day prior to the initial in-person contact with the court or within 30 days of service of the initiating pleading, whichever occurs first; and

     (ii)   file the completed and signed Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form at the initial in-person contact with the court or within 30 days of service of the initiating pleading, whichever occurs first.

   (4)  Updating Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification Form.

     (i)   For as long as a child is subject to the court’s jurisdiction and following the initial in-person contact with the court, a party shall complete, sign, and serve on the other parties an updated Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form either five days after any change in circumstances, or no less than one day prior to any proceeding, whichever occurs first. If there is no pending proceeding, the party shall complete, sign, and serve on the other parties an updated Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form five days after any change in circumstances. A party shall report a change in circumstances of the party and any of the party’s household members.

     (ii)   The updated Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form shall be filed with the prothonotary within 14 days of any change in circumstances, or five days prior to any court proceeding, whichever occurs first.

   (5)  Sanctions. A party’s failure to file an initial or updated Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form may result in sanctions against that party.

 (b)  Evaluation.

   (1)  Initial Evaluation. During the initial in-person custody proceeding, the judge, conference officer, conciliator, or other appointed individual shall evaluate whether a party or household member poses a threat to the child.

     (i)   In determining whether a party or household member poses a threat to the child or requires an additional evaluation or counseling, as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  5329(c)—(e), the judge, conference officer, conciliator, or other appointed individual shall consider:

       (A)   the party’s Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form; and

       (B)   other information or documentation of the party’s or household member’s criminal record or abuse history that is provided by either party.

     (ii)   To the extent a party or household member has a criminal record relating to an enumerated offense in 23 Pa.C.S. §  5329(a) or an abuse history, the judge, conference officer, conciliator, or other appointed individual shall consider:

       (A)   the severity of the offense or abuse;

       (B)   when the offense or abuse occurred;

       (C)   if the victim was a child or family member; and

       (D)   whether the offense or abuse involved physical violence.

   (2)  Additional Evaluation or Counseling. If the initial evaluation set forth in subdivision (b)(1) determines that a party or household member poses a threat to the child, the conference officer, conciliator, or other appointed individual conducting the evaluation may recommend to the judge and the judge may order:

     (i)   a party or party’s household member to undergo an additional evaluation or counseling by a mental health professional appointed by the court; or

     (ii)   temporary custody pending the additional evaluation or counseling.

 (c)  Form. The verification regarding criminal record or abuse history shall be substantially in the following form:


(Caption)

 CRIMINAL RECORD / ABUSE HISTORY VERIFICATION

 REPORT OF CHILD ABUSE AND PROTECTIVE SERVICES REQUESTED BY COURT

(Court may use the first page of the parties’ criminal record/
abuse history verification or may complete a new form.)
 1. Participants. Please list ALL members in your/the participant’s household and attach sheets if necessary:


Name	Date of Birth	Address	Relationship to Child(ren)
 

Party requests their residence remain confidential as they are protected by the Protection from Abuse Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6112, or the Domestic and Sexual Violence Victim Address Confidentiality Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  6701—6713, or the Child Custody Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  5336(b), or they are in the process of seeking protection under the same.
 Please list ALL members in the opposing party’s household and attach sheets if necessary:


Name	Date of Birth	Address	Relationship to Child(ren)
 

Party requests their residence remain confidential as they are protected by the Protection from Abuse Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6112, or the Domestic and Sexual Violence Victim Address Confidentiality Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  6701—6713, or the Child Custody Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  5336(b), or they are in the process of seeking protection under the same.
 SUBJECT CHILD(REN)—Attach additional sheets if necessary:


Name	Date of Birth
 ***End of Page 1***

 2. Criminal Offenses. As to the following listed Pennsylvania crimes or offenses, or another jurisdiction’s substantially equivalent crimes or offenses, check the box next to any applicable crime or offense in which you or a household member:

 • has pleaded guilty or no contest;

 • has been convicted;

 • has charges pending; or

 • has been adjudicated delinquent under the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6301—6375, and the record is publicly available as set forth in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6307.

 You should also check the box next to a listed criminal offense even if the offense has been resolved by Accelerated Rehabilitative Disposition (ARD) or another diversionary program, unless it has been expunged pursuant to 18 Pa.C.S. §  9122, or a court has entered an order for limited access, e.g., Clean Slate, pursuant to 18 Pa.C.S. § §  9122.1 or 9122.2.


Check
all that
apply	Crime
Self
Other
household
member	Date of
conviction,
guilty plea,
no contest
plea, or
pending
charges	Sentence
	18 Pa.C.S. Ch. 25 (relating to criminal homicide)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  2701 (relating to simple assault)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  2702 (relating to aggravated assault)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  2705 (relating to recklessly endangering another person)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  2706 (relating to terroristic threats)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  2709.1 (relating to stalking)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  2718 (relating to strangulation)
	18 Pa.C.S. §  2901 (relating to kidnapping)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  2902 (relating to unlawful restraint)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  2903 (relating to false imprisonment)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  2904 (relating to interference with custody of children)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  2910 (relating to luring a child into a motor vehicle or structure)			
	18 Pa.C.S. Ch. 30 (relating to human trafficking)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  3121 (relating to rape)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  3122.1 (relating to statutory sexual assault)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  3123 (relating to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  3124.1 (relating to sexual assault)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  3125 (relating to aggravated indecent assault)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  3126 (relating to indecent assault)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  3127 (relating to indecent exposure)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  3129 (relating to sexual intercourse with animal)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  3130 (relating to conduct relating to sex offenders)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  3301 (relating to arson and related offenses)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  4302 (relating to incest)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  4303 (relating to concealing death of child)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  4304 (relating to endangering welfare of children)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  4305 (relating to dealing in infant children)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  5533 (relating to cruelty to animal)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  5534 (relating to aggravated cruelty to animal)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  5543 (relating to animal fighting)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  5544 (relating to possession of animal fighting paraphernalia)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  5902(b) or (b.1) (relating to prostitution and related offenses)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  5903(c) or (d) (relating to obscene and other sexual materials and performances)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  6301 (relating to corruption of minors)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  6312 (relating to sexual abuse of children)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  6318 (relating to unlawful contact with minor)			
	18 Pa.C.S. §  6320 (relating to sexual exploitation of children)			
	Finding of contempt of a Protection from Abuse order or agreement under 23 Pa.C.S. §  6114			
	Finding of contempt of a Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence and Intimidation order or agreement under 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A14			
	Driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol			
	Manufacture, sale, delivery, holding, offering for sale or possession of any controlled substance or other drug or device			
 3. Abuse or Agency Involvement. Check the box next to any statement that applies to you, a household member, or your child.


Check
all that
apply		Self
Household member
Child
	Involvement with a children and youth social service agency in Pennsylvania or a similar agency in another jurisdiction.
What jurisdiction?:
		
	A determination or finding of abuse (i.e., indicated or founded report) by a children and youth social service agency or court in Pennsylvania or a similar agency or court in another jurisdiction.
What jurisdiction?:
		
	An adjudication of dependency involving this child or any other child under Pennsylvania’s Juvenile Act, or a similar law in another jurisdiction.
What jurisdiction?:

Is the case active?:
		
	A history of perpetrating ‘‘abuse’’ as that term is defined in the Protection from Abuse Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6102.			
	A history of perpetrating ‘‘sexual violence’’ or ‘‘intimidation’’ as those terms are defined in 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A03 (relating to protection of victims of sexual violence and intimidation).			
	Other
		
 4. If you checked a box in (2) or (3), list any evaluation, counseling, or other treatment received as a result:

 5. If you checked a box in (2) or (3) that applies to your household member, who is not a party, state that person’s name, date of birth, and relationship to the child.

 6. If you are aware that the other party or the other party’s household member has a criminal record or abuse history, please explain:

 ONLY A PARTY CAN SIGN THIS FORM. IF A PARTY IS REPRESENTED BY AN ATTORNEY, THE ATTORNEY CANNOT SIGN THIS FORM ON BEHALF OF THE PARTY.

 I verify that the information above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, or belief. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

   

…

Date                  Plaintiff/Defendant Signature
   

        Printed Name
 I certify that this filing complies with the provisions of the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania that require filing confidential information and documents differently than non-confidential information and documents.

   

        Signature of Filer
        Printed Name

Comment:
   There is no obligation for the court to conduct an independent investigation of the criminal record or abuse history of a party or the party’s household member.

   The intent of subdivision (a)(4) is for the parties to have the most current information available, including after a final order—provided the child remains under the court’s jurisdiction.

   As used in subdivision (a), a ‘‘child custody action’’ is intended to include any action where custody is sought to be awarded, including a protection from abuse action. An Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form is not required in a protection from abuse action if custody is not sought.

   See 23 Pa.C.S. §  5322 (defining ‘‘household member’’).

   For subdivision (c)(6), see Pa.R.Civ.P. 1930.5 (discovery in domestic relations matters) and Pa.R.E. 614 (court’s calling or examining a witness).

   Given the sensitive nature of the record, see Pa.R.Civ.P. 1930.1 (form of caption and applicability of the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.3-2 adopted August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended May 14, 2014, effective in 30 days on June 13, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 3233; amended July 20, 2015, effective September 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 4158; amended August 9, 2024, effective August 13, 2024, 54 Pa.B. 5353; amended April 25, 2025, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 3342. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (420475) to (420481).

Rule 1915.3-3. Report of Child Abuse and Protective Services.
 (a)  General Rule. A court shall determine whether a participant in a child custody action has a history of child abuse or involvement with protective services.

 (b)  Definitions. The following definitions shall apply to this rule:

   (1)  ‘‘Participant’’ shall include any party, child, or member of a party’s household identified on the Criminal Record or Abuse History Verification, as required by Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.3-2.

   (2)  ‘‘County agency’’ shall have the same meaning as set forth in Pa.R.J.C.P. 1120 (defining ‘‘county agency’’).

   (3)  ‘‘Form’’ shall be the form found at Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.3-4.

 (c)  Submission. Whenever a party has disclosed a history of child abuse or involvement with protective services pursuant to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.3-2, or the court or its designee believes that further inquiry is warranted, the court shall confirm or identify all participants on the form in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.3-4 and transmit the form for completion to the county agency with notice to the parties.

 (d)  Return. The county agency shall complete the form for all participants and return it to the court no later than 14 days or the time specified by the court after receiving the submission.

 (e)  Dissemination. Upon receipt of the completed form, the court shall promptly docket and disseminate it to the parties.

 (f)  Confidentiality. The completed form shall be confidential and not publicly accessible. Further dissemination by the recipients of the form is in violation of 23 Pa.C.S. Ch. 63 (Child Protective Services Law).

 (g)  Witnesses. The parties may subpoena with leave of court, or the court may otherwise order, the county agency to provide a witness or witnesses to attend and testify about any child abuse history or protective services disclosed on the form.

Comment:
   This rule is intended to implement 23 Pa.C.S. §  5329.1.

   As used in subdivision (a), a ‘‘child custody action’’ is intended to include any action where custody may be awarded, including a protection from abuse action.

   For subdivision (c), the court may use Part I (Participant) of each party’s Criminal Record or Abuse History Verification (‘‘Verification’’), as provided in Rule 1915.3-2, in lieu of completing the ‘‘participant’’ section of the form. The court shall indicate the request for information by checking the box at the top of the first page of the Verification.

   For subdivision (g), see Pa.R.Civ.P. 1930.5 (discovery in domestic relations matters) and Pa.R.E. 614 (court’s calling or examining a witness).

   Given the sensitive nature of the record, see Pa.R.Civ.P. 1930.1 (form of caption and applicability of the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania).

   Rule 1915.25(c) suspends 23 Pa.C.S. §  6339, insofar as it is inconsistent with this rule.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.3-3 added April 25, 2025, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 3342.

Rule 1915.3-4. Form for Report of Child Abuse and Protective Services.
 The report of child abuse and protective services pursuant to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.3-3 shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)

 CRIMINAL RECORD / ABUSE HISTORY VERIFICATION

 REPORT CHILD ABUSE AND PROTECTIVE SERVICES REQUESTED BY COURT

(Court may use the first page of the parties’ criminal record/abuse history verification or may complete a new form.)
 1. Participants. Please list ALL members in your/the participant’s household and attach sheets if necessary:


Name	Date of Birth	Address	Relationship to Child(ren)
 

Party requests their residence remain confidential as they are protected by the Protection from Abuse Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6112, or the Domestic and Sexual Violence Victim Address Confidentiality Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  6701—6713, or the Child Custody Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  5336(b), or they are in the process of seeking protection under the same.
 Please list ALL members in the opposing party’s household and attach sheets if necessary:


Name	Date of Birth	Address	Relationship to Child(ren)
 

Party requests their residence remain confidential as they are protected by the Protection from Abuse Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6112, or the Domestic and Sexual Violence Victim Address Confidentiality Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  6701—6713, or the Child Custody Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  5336(b), or they are in the process of seeking protection under the same.
 SUBJECT CHILD(REN)—Attach additional sheets if necessary:


Name	Date of Birth
 ***End of Page 1***

 TO BE COMPLETED BY THE COUNTY AGENCY:

 CHECK ALL THAT APPLY:

 

No information on this family within county agency records.
 

Child Protective Services (Complete CPS section below).
 

General Protective Services (Complete GPS section below).
 2. Child Protective Services (CPS) Cases:

 Was any child(ren), listed above, subject of an indicated report of child abuse? Circle your response and supplement, if indicated.

 Yes  No If yes, indicate date(s) of incident(s) and name(s):

 Was any child(ren), listed above, subject of a founded report of child abuse?

 Yes  No If yes, indicate date(s) of incident(s) and name(s):

 Has a party or member of the party’s household been identified as the perpetrator in an indicated report of child abuse?

 Yes  No If yes, indicate date(s) of incident(s) and name(s):

 Has a party or member of the party’s household been identified as the perpetrator in a founded report of child abuse?

 Yes  No If yes, indicate date(s) of incident(s) and name(s):

 If any of the questions above are answered ‘‘Yes,’’ provide the following information:

 Name of county agency:

 County agency caseworker(s): (please list current or most recently assigned, if known)


 County agency supervisor(s): (please list current or most recently assigned, if known)


 For each instance, please provide: (attach additional sheets if necessary to provide the information below for additional participants)

 A. Determination date of indicated or founded CPS referral(s):

 B. Was a service provided?

 No  If answered ‘‘No,’’ skip questions C, D, E, and F.

 Yes  If answered ‘‘Yes,’’ please list the type of service(s) and name of service provider(s):

 C. Date services ended, if applicable:

 D. Who received the services?

 E. Services were:

 

Voluntary
Court-ordered If court-ordered, please provide the docket number:
 F. Generally describe the services provided:

 G. If the county agency made referrals to outside providers, list the type of service and the name of the service provider:

 3. General Protective Services (GPS) Cases:

 Has a party or a member of a party’s household been provided services? Circle your response and supplement, if indicated.

 Yes  No  If answered ‘‘Yes,’’ provide the following information:

 Name of county agency:

 County agency caseworker(s): (please list current or most recently assigned, if known)

 County agency supervisor(s): (please list current or most recently assigned, if known)

 For each instance, please provide: (attach additional sheets if necessary to provide the information below for additional participants)

 A. The concerns identified on the GPS referral(s) were:
Valid Invalid
Determination date:

 B. Was a service provided?
No  If answered ‘‘No,’’ skip questions C, D, E and F.
Yes  If answered ‘‘Yes,’’ please list the type of service(s) and name of service provider(s):

 C. Date GPS services ended, if applicable:

 D. Who received GPS services?

 E. GPS Services were:

Voluntary
Court-ordered. If court-ordered, please provide the docket number:
 F. Generally describe the services provided:

 G. If the county agency made referrals to outside providers, list the type of service and the name of the service provider:

 4. Dependency Cases:

 Is the child currently adjudicated dependent? Circle your response and supplement, if indicated.

 Yes  No If answered ‘‘Yes,’’ provide the following information:

 Name of county where the case is filed:

 Docket number of case:

 County agency caseworker(s): (please list current or most recently assigned, if known)

 County agency supervisor(s): (please list current or most recently assigned, if known)


NOTICE
 The completed form shall be confidential and not publicly accessible. Further dissemination by the recipients of the form is in violation of 23 Pa.C.S. Ch. 63 (Child Protective Services Law).


Comment:
   Rule 1915.25(c) suspends 23 Pa.C.S. §  6339, insofar as it is inconsistent with this rule.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.3-4 added April 25, 2025, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 3342.

Rule 1915.4. Prompt Disposition of Custody Cases.
 (a)  Initial Contact With the Court. Depending upon the procedure in the judicial district, the parties’ initial in-person contact with the court (including, but not limited to a conference with a conference officer pursuant to Rule 1915.4-2, a conference with a judge, conciliation, mediation and/or class/seminar) shall be scheduled to occur not later than 45 days from the filing of a complaint or petition.

 (b)  Listing Trials Before the Court. Depending upon the procedure in the judicial district, within 180 days of the filing of the complaint either the court shall automatically enter an order scheduling a trial before a judge or a party shall file a praecipe, motion or request for trial, except as otherwise provided in this subdivision. If it is not the practice of the court to automatically schedule trials and neither party files a praecipe, motion or request for trial within 180 days of filing of the pleading, the court shall, sua sponte or on motion of a party, dismiss the matter unless a party has been granted an extension for good cause shown, or the court finds that dismissal is not in the best interests of the child. The extension shall not exceed 60 days beyond the 180 day limit. A further reasonable extension may be granted by the court upon agreement of the parties or when the court finds, on the record, compelling circumstances for a further reasonable extension. If an extension is granted and, thereafter, neither party files a praecipe, motion or request for trial within the time period allowed by the extension, the court shall, sua sponte or on the motion of a party, dismiss the matter unless the court finds that dismissal is not in the best interests of the child. A motion to dismiss, pursuant to this rule, shall be filed and served upon the opposing party. The opposing party shall have 20 days from the date of service to file an objection. If no objection is filed, the court shall dismiss the case. Prior to a sua sponte dismissal, the court shall notify the parties of an intent to dismiss the case unless an objection is filed within 20 days of the date of the notice.

 (c)  Trial. Trials before a judge shall commence within 90 days of the date the scheduling order is entered. Trials and hearings shall be scheduled to be heard on consecutive days whenever possible but, if not on consecutive days, then the trial or hearing shall be concluded not later than 45 days from commencement.

 (d)  Prompt Decisions. The judge’s decision shall be entered and filed within 15 days of the date upon which the trial is concluded unless, within that time, the court extends the date for such decision by order entered of record showing good cause for the extension. In no event shall an extension delay the entry of the court’s decision more than 45 days after the conclusion of trial.

 (e)  Emergency or Special Relief. Nothing in this rule shall preclude a party from seeking, nor a court from ordering, emergency or interim special relief at any time after the commencement of the action.

   Official Note

   For service of original process in custody, partial custody and visitation matters, see Rule 1930.4.

   Rescinded June 20, 1985, effective Jan 1, 1986. Note amended Oct. 2, 1995, effective Jan.1, 1996. Replaced by new rule.

Explanatory Comment—2000
   A new rule requiring prompt custody trials was recommended by a special committee established by the Pennsylvania Superior Court. That committee concluded that the interests of children who are the subjects of custody litigation would best be served by a requirement that the litigation be concluded within specific time frames.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.4 rescinded June 20, 1985, effective January 1, 1986, 15 Pa.B. 2452; amended October 2, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4518; amended November 30, 2000, effective March 1, 2001, 30 Pa.B. 6423; amended July 8, 2010, effective September 6, 2010,40 Pa.B. 4140; amended June 25, 2013, effective in 30 days on July 25, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 3936. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (351631) to (351632).

Rule 1915.4-1. Alternative Hearing Procedures for Partial Custody Actions.
 (a)  A custody action shall proceed as prescribed by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-3 unless the court, by local rule, adopts the alternative hearing procedure authorized by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-2 pursuant to which an action for partial custody may be heard by a hearing officer, except as provided in subdivision (b).

 (b)  Promptly after the parties’ initial contact with the court as set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4(a), a party may move the court for a hearing before a judge, rather than a hearing officer, in an action for partial custody where:

   (1)  there are complex questions of law, fact or both; or

   (2)  the parties certify to the court that there are serious allegations affecting the child’s welfare.

 (c)  The president judge or the administrative judge of the family division of each county shall certify that custody proceedings generally are conducted in accordance with either Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-2 or Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-3. The certification shall be filed with the Domestic Relations Procedural Rules Committee of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania and shall be substantially in the following form:

 I hereby certify that

County conducts its custody proceedings in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No.
.
 

  (President Judge)

 

  (Administrative Judge)


   Official Note

   For a complete list of the Alternative Hearing Procedures for each county: http://www.pacourts.us/courts/supreme-court/committees/rules-committees/domestic-relations-procedural-rules-committee.

Explanatory Comment
   These rules provide an optional procedure for using hearing officers in partial custody cases. The procedure is similar to the one provided for support cases in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1910.12: a conference, record hearing before a hearing officer and argument on exceptions before a judge. The terms ‘‘conference officer’’ and ‘‘hearing officer’’ have the same meaning here as in the support rules.

   It is important to note that use of the procedure prescribed in Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1915.4-1 and 1915.4-2 is optional rather than mandatory. Counties which prefer to have all partial custody cases heard by a judge may continue to do so.

   These procedures are not intended to replace or prohibit the use of any form of mediation or conciliation. On the contrary, they are intended to be used in cases which are not resolved through the use of less adversarial means.

   The intent of the 2007 amendments to Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1915.4-1 and 1915.4-2, and Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915-4.3, was to clarify the procedures in record and non-record custody proceedings. When the first proceeding is non-record, no exceptions are required and a request for a de novo hearing may be made.

   In lieu of continuing the practice of including in the Note a 67-county list identifying the hearing procedure selected by the local county court, the list can now be found on the Domestic Relations Procedural Rules Committee website.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.4-1 adopted July 15, 1994, effective January 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 3803; amended November 30, 2000, effective March 1, 2001, 30 Pa.B. 6423; amended October 30, 2007, effective immediately, 37 Pa.B. 5974; amended April 18, 2008, effective immediately, 38 Pa.B. 1815; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended November 18, 2014, effective in 30 days on December 18, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 7514; amended March 4, 2016, effective April 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 1412; amended October 14, 2016, effective December 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 6819. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (380178) to (380180).

Rule 1915.4-2. Partial Custody. Office Conference. Hearing. Record. Exceptions. Order.
 (a)  Office Conference.

   (1)  The office conference shall be conducted by a conference officer.

   (2)  If the respondent fails to appear at the conference before the conference officer as directed by the court, the conference may proceed without the respondent.

   (3)  The conference officer may make a recommendation to the parties relating to partial custody or supervised physical custody of the child or children. If an agreement for partial custody or supervised physical custody is reached at the conference, the conference officer shall prepare a written order in conformity with the agreement for signature by the parties and submission to the court together with the officer’s recommendation for approval or disapproval. The court may enter an order in accordance with the agreement without hearing the parties.

   (4)  At the conclusion of the conference, if an agreement relating to partial custody or supervised physical custody has not been reached, the parties shall be given notice of the date, time and place of a hearing before a hearing officer, which may be the same day, but in no event shall be more than forty-five days from the date of the conference.

 (b)  Hearing.

   (1)  The hearing shall be conducted by a hearing officer who must be a lawyer, and a record shall be made of the testimony. A hearing officer who is a lawyer employed by, or under contract with, a judicial district or appointed by the court shall not practice family law before a conference officer, hearing officer, or judge of the same judicial district.

   (2)  The hearing officer shall receive evidence and hear argument. The hearing officer may recommend to the court that the parties and/or the subject child or children submit to examination and evaluation by experts pursuant to Rule 1915.8.

   (3)  Within ten days of the conclusion of the hearing, the hearing officer shall file with the court and serve upon all parties a report containing a recommendation with respect to the entry of an order of partial custody or supervised physical custody. The report may be in narrative form stating the reasons for the recommendation and shall include a proposed order, including a specific schedule for partial custody or supervised physical custody.

   (4)  Within twenty days after the date the hearing officer’s report is mailed or received by the parties, whichever occurs first, any party may file exceptions to the report or any part thereof, to rulings on objections to evidence, to statements or findings of fact, to conclusions of law, or to any other matters occurring during the hearing. Each exception shall set forth a separate objection precisely and without discussion. Matters not covered by exceptions are deemed waived unless, prior to entry of the final order, leave is granted to file exceptions raising those matters. If exceptions are filed, any other party may file exceptions within twenty days of the date of service of the original exceptions.

   (5)  If no exceptions are filed within the twenty-day period, the court shall review the report and, if approved, enter a final order.

   (6)  If exceptions are filed, the court shall hear argument on the exceptions within forty-five days of the date the last party files exceptions, and enter an appropriate final order within fifteen days of argument. No motion for Post-Trial Relief may be filed to the final order.

Explanatory Comment—2006
   The time for filing exceptions has been expanded from ten to twenty days. The purpose of this amendment is to provide ample opportunity for litigants and counsel to receive notice of the entry of the order, to assure commonwealth-wide consistency in calculation of time for filing and to conform to applicable general civil procedural rules.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.4-2 adopted July 15, 1994, effective January 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 3803; amended November 30, 2000, effective March 1, 2001, 30 Pa.B. 6423; amended August 8, 2006, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 4709; amended October 30, 2007, effective immediately, 37 Pa.B. 5974; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended March 4, 2015, effective in 30 days on April 3, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 1354; amended October 19, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 6764. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390562) to (390563).

Rule 1915.4-3. Non-Record Proceedings. Trials.
 (a)  Non-Record Proceedings. In judicial districts utilizing an initial non-record proceeding, i.e., office conference, if an agreement is not finalized by the conclusion of the proceeding, the conference officer shall promptly notify the court that the matter should be listed for trial. A lawyer employed by, or under contract with, a judicial district or appointed by the court to serve as a conference officer to preside over a non-record proceeding shall not practice family law before a conference officer, hearing officer, or judge of the same judicial district.

 (b) Trial. The trial before the court shall be de novo. The court shall hear the case and render a decision within the time periods set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4.

Explanatory Comment—2018
   The amendment to this rule, in conjunction with the amendment to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.1, standardizes terminology used in the custody process and identifies court personnel by title and in some cases qualifications. Of note, the term ‘‘mediator,’’ which had been included in the rule, has been omitted and is specifically defined in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.1.

   As in the support rules, custody conference officers preside over conferences and hearing officers preside over hearings. Regardless of the individual’s title, presiding over a conference or a hearing triggers the family law attorney practice preclusion in this rule and in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4-2(b) in the case of a hearing officer. Mediators, as defined in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.1 and as qualified in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1940.4, do not preside over custody conferences or hearings; rather, mediators engage custody litigants in alternative dispute resolution methods pursuant to Chapter 1940 of the Rules of Civil Procedure and, as such, the preclusion from practicing family law in the same judicial district in which an attorney/mediator is appointed is inapplicable.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.4-3 amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended March 4, 2015, effective in 30 days on April 3, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 1354; amended February 8, 2018, effective April 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 1095; amended October 19, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 6764. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390563) to (390564).

Rule 1915.4-4. Pre-Trial Procedures.
 (a)  Pre-Trial Conference.

   (1)  The court shall schedule a pre-trial conference before a judge in an initial custody or modification proceeding at the request of a party or by the court sua sponte.

   (2)  The pre-trial conference scheduling procedure shall be as follows:

     (i)   If a party wishes to request a pre-trial conference, the party shall file a praecipe set forth in subdivision (h).

     (ii)   A party may file the praecipe any time after a custody conciliation or conference unless a pre-trial conference has already been scheduled or held.

     (iii)   The scheduling of a pre-trial conference shall not stay a previously scheduled proceeding unless otherwise ordered by the court.

     (iv)   The pretrial conference may be scheduled at any time, but shall be scheduled at least 30 days prior to trial.

 (b)  Pre-Trial Statement.

   (1)  Not later than five days prior to the pre-trial conference, each party shall file a pre-trial statement with the prothonotary and serve a copy upon the court and the other party or the party’s counsel.

   (2)  The pre-trial statement shall include, together with any additional information required by special order of the court, the following matters:

     (i)   the name and address of each expert whom the party intends to call as a witness at trial;

     (ii)   the name and address of each person the party intends to call as a witness at trial and the relationship of that witness to the party. Inclusion of a witness on the pre-trial statement constitutes an affirmation that the party’s counsel or the self-represented party has communicated with the witness about the substance of the witness’s testimony prior to the filing of the pre-trial statement; and

     (iii)   a proposed order setting forth the custody schedule requested by the party.

 (c)  Exhibits. In addition to subdivision (b)(2), the party shall include any proposed exhibits to be introduced at trial, including the expert’s report, as part of the pre-trial statement served upon the other party or other party’s counsel, but the proposed exhibits shall not be included with the pre-trial statement served upon the court.

 (d)  Sanctions. If a party fails to file a pre-trial statement or otherwise comply with the requirements of subdivisions (b) and (c), the court may sanction the party as provided in Pa.R.Civ.P. 4019(c)(2) and (c)(4).

 (e)  Amendments. Unless the court orders otherwise, the parties may amend a pretrial statement at any time, but not less than seven days before trial.

 (f)  Topics. The court shall consider the following topics at the pre-trial conference:

   (1)  issues for resolution by the court;

   (2)  unresolved discovery matters;

   (3)  agreements of the parties;

   (4)  issues relating to expert witnesses;

   (5)  settlement or mediation of the case;

   (6)  a party’s or household member’s criminal record or abuse history or a party’s, household member’s, or child’s involvement with the juvenile dependency court or the children and youth social service agency as outlined in 23 Pa.C.S. § §  5329 and 5329.1, including the admissibility of related documents, other evidentiary issues, or testimony;

   (7)  such other matters that may aid in the disposition of the case; and

   (8)  if a trial date has not been scheduled, the court shall schedule the trial at the pre-trial conference.

 (g)  Order. The court shall enter an order following the pre-trial conference detailing the parties’ agreements as to any of the matters considered, limiting the trial to unresolved issues, and setting forth the schedule for further action in the case. The order shall control the subsequent course of the action unless modified at trial to prevent manifest injustice.

 (h)  Form. The praecipe for pre-trial conference required by this rule shall be substantially in the following form:


PRAECIPE FOR PRE-TRIAL CONFERENCE
 

   To the Prothonotary:

   Please schedule a pre-trial conference in the above-captioned custody matter pursuant to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.4-4.

   The parties’ initial in-person contact with the court (conference with a conference officer or judge, conciliation, or mediation) occurred on

.
 

Plaintiff/Defendant/
Attorney for Plaintiff/Defendant

Comment:
   Rule 1930.1(b) may require attorneys or unrepresented parties to file confidential documents and documents containing confidential information that are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania.

Historical Commentary
   The following commentary related to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.4-4 is historical in nature and represents statements of the Committee at the time of rulemaking:

Explanatory Comment
   In 2013, the Domestic Relations Procedural Rules Committee (the ‘‘Committee’’) recognized there was a wide disparity in pre-trial procedures in custody cases among the various judicial districts. By adopting this rule, the Supreme Court established uniform state-wide pre-trial procedures in custody cases. With an eye toward reducing custody litigation, the rule encourages early preparation and court involvement for purposes of expedited resolutions. The rule was based upon the pretrial procedures in divorce cases as set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.33(b). The rule does not affect, however, the First Judicial District’s practice of conducting a pre-trial conference upon the filing of a motion for a protracted or semi-protracted trial.

   In 2015, the Committee expressed concern the rule as previously adopted by the Supreme Court allowed for an interpretation contrary to the intent of the rule. The Committee proposed and the Court adopted an amendment to the rule to clarify the rule’s mandate as it relates to witnesses. As a goal of any pre-trial conference is to settle the case, in whole or in part, the Committee believed a best practice in reaching that goal is having a thorough knowledge of the case, including the substance of anticipated witness testimony. As amended, the rule plainly states that counsel or a self-represented party is required to discuss with the witness their testimony prior to including the witness on the pre-trial statement.

   Unlike Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.33(b), the rule does not require inclusion of a summary of the witness’s testimony in the pre-trial statement; but rather, an affirmation by counsel or self-represented party that there was actual communication with each witness about the witness’s testimony. With the additional information from witnesses, counsel, self-represented parties, and the trial court can better engage in more fruitful settlement discussions at the pre-trial conference.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.4-4 adopted June 25, 2013, effective in 30 days on July 25, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 3937; amended October 28, 2015, effective January 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 6587; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520; amended April 25, 2025, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 3342. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (407134) and (402487) to (402488).

Rule 1915.5. Question of Jurisdiction, Venue, or Standing. Counterclaim Discovery. No Responsive Pleading by Defendant Required.
 (a)  Question of Jurisdiction, Venue, or Standing.

   (1)  A party shall raise jurisdiction of the person or venue by preliminary objection.

   (2)  A party may raise standing by preliminary objection or at a custody hearing or trial.

   (3)  The court may raise standing sua sponte.

   (4)  In a third-party plaintiff custody action in which standing has not been resolved by preliminary objection, the court shall address the third-party plaintiff’s standing and include its standing decision in a written opinion or order.

   Official Note

   The court may raise at any time a question of (1) jurisdiction over the subject matter of the action or (2) the exercise of its jurisdiction pursuant to Section 5426 of the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act, relating to simultaneous proceedings in other courts, Section 5427, relating to inconvenient forum, and Section 5428, relating to jurisdiction declined by reason of conduct. The Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  5407, provides that, upon request of a party, an action in which a question of the existence or exercise of jurisdiction is raised shall be given calendar priority and handled expeditiously.

 (b)  A party may file a counterclaim asserting the right of physical or legal custody within 20 days of service of the complaint upon that party or at the time of hearing, whichever first occurs. The claim shall be in the same form as a complaint as required by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.3.

 (c)  There shall be no discovery unless authorized by special order of court.

   Official Note

   The rule relating to discovery in domestic relations matters generally is Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.5.

 (d)  Except as set forth in subdivisions (a) and (b), a responsive pleading shall not be required. If a party files a responsive pleading, it shall not delay a hearing or trial.

Explanatory Comment—1994
   Under subdivision (a), the defendant may but is not required to plead to the complaint. All averments may be disputed by the defendant at the custody hearing. An attorney who wished to file another pleading may do so. However, the action is not to be delayed to permit its filing.

Comment—2020
   Act of May 4, 2018, P.L. 112, No. 21, amended 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324 by adding a new class of third-party standing for individuals seeking custody of a child whose parents do not have care and control of the child. Subject to the limitations in 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324(5), the newly added standing provision requires that: (1) the individual has assumed or is willing to assume responsibility for the child; (2) the individual has a sustained, substantial, and sincere interest in the child’s welfare; and (3) the child’s parents do not have care and control of the child. A plaintiff proceeding under Section 5324(4) shall satisfy the requirements of that provision by clear and convincing evidence.

   Typically, when a third party is seeking custody of a child, the child’s parents can raise the issue of the third party’s standing to pursue custody. However, Section 5324(4) permits a party to seek custody of a child only when the child’s parents do not have care and control of the child. If the parents’ lack of care and control also results in their non-participation in the custody litigation, the third party’s standing may go unchallenged. Subdivision (a) has been amended by including two new subdivisions to address this circumstance. Subdivision (a)(3) permits the court to raise standing sua sponte and, if third-party standing is not resolved by preliminary objection, the court shall address the standing issue in its written opinion or order as required by subdivision (a)(4).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.5 amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended May 5, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 2532; amended November 19, 2008, effective immediately, 38 Pa.B. 6596; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended July 7, 2014, effective in 30 days on August 6, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 4477; amended July 27, 2020, effective October 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 4019. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392632).

Rule 1915.6. Joinder of Parties.
 (a)(1)  If the court learns from the pleadings or any other source that a parent whose parental rights have not been previously terminated or a person who has physical custody of the child is not a party to the action, it shall order that the person be joined as a party. Such person shall be served with a copy of all prior pleadings and notice of the joinder substantially in the form prescribed by Rule 1915.16(a).

   (2)  The person joined must file any objection to the order of joinder within twenty days after notice of the order.

   (3)  The person joined may file a counterclaim asserting a right to physical or legal custody in the form required for a complaint by Rule 1915.3. A copy of the counterclaim shall be served upon all other parties to the action as provided by Rule 440.

 (b)  If the court learns from the pleadings or any other source that any other person who claims to have custodial rights with respect to the child is not a party to the action, it shall order that notice be given to that person of the pendency of the action and of the right to intervene therein. The notice shall be substantially in the form prescribed by Rule 1915.16(b).

Explanatory Comment—1994
   The position taken by the rules is that a person in physical custody of the child and a parent whose parental rights have not been terminated are necessary parties to a custody determination. While it may be desirable to have other persons who claim custody rights as parties to the action, their joinder is not a prerequisite to a custody determination.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.6 amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended November 19, 2008, effective immediately, 38 Pa.B. 6598; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (352461).

Rule 1915.7. Consent Order.
 If the parties have an agreement regarding custody and request that the court enter a consent order incorporating the agreement’s terms:

 (a)  the parties shall submit to the court a proposed custody order bearing the parties’ written consent; or

 (b)  the parties may state the agreement on the record, provided that:

   (1)  within ten days of placing the agreement on the record, the parties comply with subdivision (a); or

   (2)  the court memorializes the oral agreement from the record into a written custody order.

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). This rule may require attorneys or unrepresented parties to file confidential documents and documents containing confidential information that are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania.

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.10(b) regarding written custody order requirements.

Explanatory Comment—2019
   The rule has been amended to ensure that when a custody agreement is orally placed on the record that a written custody order prepared by the parties memorializing the parties’ agreement is timely submitted to the court or the court memorializes the oral agreement into a written custody order. The amendment avoids the untenable circumstance that the only written record of the parties’ oral agreement is a transcription of what had been placed on the record. Transcription agreements are often cumbersome and difficult to discern as to the custody terms and provisions, which makes enforcement difficult. This amendment is consistent with the holding in R.L.P. v. R.F.M., 110 A.3d 201 (Pa. Super. 2015).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.7 amended November 8, 1982, effective January 1, 1983, 12 Pa.B. 4040; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48Pa.B. 3520; amended June 3, 2019, effective October 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 3058. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392633).

Rule 1915.8. Physical and Mental Examination of Persons.
 (a)  The court may order the child(ren) and/or any party to submit to and fully participate in an evaluation by an appropriate expert or experts. The order, which shall be substantially in the form set forth in Rule 1915.18, may be made upon the court’s own motion, upon the motion of a party with reasonable notice to the person to be examined, or by agreement of the parties. The order shall specify the place, manner, conditions and scope of the examination and the person or persons by whom it shall be made and to whom distributed. In entering an order directing an evaluation pursuant to this rule, the court shall consider all appropriate factors including the following, if applicable:

   (1)  the allocation of the costs, including insurance coverage, if any, attendant to the undertaking of the evaluation and preparation of the resultant report and court testimony of any appointed expert;

   (2)  the execution of appropriate authorizations and/or consents to facilitate the examination;

   (3)  any deadlines imposed regarding the completion of the examination and payment of costs;

   (4)  the production of any report and of underlying data to counsel and/or any unrepresented party upon the completion of the examination; and

   (5)  any additional safeguards that are deemed appropriate as a result of the alleged presence of domestic violence and/or child abuse.

 (b)  Unless otherwise directed by the court, the expert shall deliver to the court, to the attorneys of record for the parties, to any unrepresented party, and to the guardian ad litem and/or counsel for the child, if any, copies of any reports arising from the evaluation setting out the findings, results of all tests made, diagnosis and conclusions. No reports shall be filed of record or considered evidence unless and until admitted by the court. Any report which is prepared at the request of a party, with or without a court order, and which a party intends to introduce at trial, must be delivered to the court and the other party at least thirty days before trial. If the report or any information from the evaluator is provided to the court, the evaluator shall be subject to cross-examination by all counsel and any unrepresented party without regard to who obtains or pays for the evaluation.

 (c)  If a party refuses to obey an order of court made under subdivision (a) of this rule, the court may make an order refusing to allow the disobedient party to support or oppose designated claims or defenses, prohibiting the party from introducing in evidence designated documents, things or testimony, prohibiting the party from introducing evidence of physical or mental condition, or making such other order as is just. The willful failure or refusal of a party to comply with an order entered pursuant to this rule may also give rise to a finding of contempt and the imposition of such sanctions as may be deemed appropriate by the court, including, but not limited to, an adverse inference against the non-complying party.

 (d) A petition for contempt alleging failure to comply with an order entered pursuant to subdivision (a) of this rule shall be treated in an expedited manner.

Explanatory Comment—2007
   This rule addresses the process for any number of expert evaluations a court may order in a custody case, including, but not limited to, physical, mental health, custody and/or drug and alcohol evaluations, and/or home studies. Since the initial promulgation of this rule in 1981, the frequency of utilizing professionals as expert witnesses in child custody litigation has increased considerably. In appropriate cases, evaluations have served as a means to provide the court with a full and complete record and to facilitate settlement of the litigation.

   The proposed revisions to Rule 1915.8 are intended to afford the trial court and the parties a more flexible and case-sensitive means of determining the scope and parameters of a physical and/or mental examination, including deadlines, costs, underlying data, and access. In many instances, the previous sixty-day deadline was impractical and ignored. While some cases demanded that the evaluation be completed in less than 60 days, others demanded far more time than that. The revisions to this rule also specifically permit the trial court to draw an adverse inference from one party’s failure to comply with an order pursuant to this rule.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.8 amended May 16, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 2882; amended May 23, 2007, effective August 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 2602; amended August 2, 2010, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 4634. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (340200) to (340201).

Rule 1915.9. No Default Judgment.
 No judgment may be entered by default or on the pleadings.

Rule 1915.10. Decision. Order.
 (a)  Decision.

   (1)  The court may decide custody before the testimony has been transcribed.

   (2)  The court shall state the reasons for its decision:

     (i)   on the record in open court; or

     (ii)   in a written opinion or order.

 (b)  Order. The court shall enter a custody order as a separate written order or in a written opinion as a separate section.

   (1)  The court’s order shall sufficiently state specific terms to enforce the order.

   (2)  If the court finds a history of abuse of the child or a household member by a party, or a present risk of harm to the child or an abused party, the court’s order shall include:

     (i)   safety provisions for the protection of the endangered party or the child;

     (ii)   the reason for imposing the safety provisions and why they are in the best interest of the child or abused party; and

     (iii)   if past abuse was committed by a party, why unsupervised physical custody is in the best interest of the child.

   (3)  The court may order that the case caption use the parties’ initials rather than the parties’ names based on the sensitive nature of the facts in the case record and the child’s best interest.

   (4)  When drafting a written opinion or order in an action having the parties’ initials in the case caption, the court shall:

     (i)   avoid using specific identifiers for people, places, or things that may indirectly reveal the child’s identity; and

     (ii)   use generalized identifiers when describing a child’s school, activities, affiliated organizations, or other similar terms.

 (c)  Party Obligations. A custody order shall include a notice outlining the parties’ obligations under:

   (1)  23 Pa.C.S. §  5337, regarding a party’s intention to relocate with a minor child; and

   (2)  Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.3-2(a)(4), regarding a party’s ongoing obligation to complete, serve, and file, if required, the Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form.

 (d)  No Post-Trial Relief. A party shall not file a motion for post-trial relief to an order of legal or physical custody.

Comment:
   See 23 Pa.C.S. §  5323(d) (requiring the court to delineate the reasons for its decision on the record in open court or in a written opinion or order).

   See Pa.R.Civ.P. 1930.1(a)(2) (permitting the court to order that the case caption contain the parties’ initials rather than their names in custody actions).

   See 23 Pa.C.S. §  5323(c) (requiring that an order include notice of a party’s obligations under §  5337, relating to relocation) and Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.17 (outlining the requirements for the proposed relocation of a child’s residence).

   Subdivision (b) sets forth requirements of 23 Pa.C.S. §  5323(e)(1). Examples of safety provisions include, but are not limited to, professional supervised physical custody, a supervised or neutral custody exchange location, a neutral third-party present at custody exchanges, telephone or computer-facilitated contact with the child, no direct contact between the parties, third-party contact for cancellations, third-party transportation, and designating a secure, neutral location as repository for a child’s passport. A party may seek review by petition of the risk of harm and need for continued supervision pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  5323(e)(2). For a presumption of supervised physical custody and safety provisions, see 23 Pa.C.S. §  5323(e.1).

   Additionally, subdivision (b) requires a court to enter a custody order as a separate written order or in a separate section of a written opinion. The subdivision also addresses the practice of orally entering a custody order on the record without formalizing the custody order in writing. In such circumstances, the parties’ only documentation of the custody order is a transcription of the oral record. In R.L.P. v. R.F.M., 110 A.3d 201 (Pa. Super. 2015), the Superior Court held that ‘‘in order to be sufficiently specific to be enforced, an order of custody must be entered as a separate written order, or as a separate section of a written opinion.’’ Id. at 206. Despite the Superior Court’s decision, the practice of placing custody orders on the record without subsequently entering a written order has continued, which has been problematic for enforcement and understanding of the agreement’s or order’s terms.

   Pursuant to subdivision (b)(2), the court may initialize a custody action’s case caption if the child’s privacy may be compromised by the sensitive nature of the facts in the case record. If the court determines that the case caption should be initialized, additional privacy safeguards are required under subdivision (b)(3).

   Subdivision (b)(3) recognizes that inadvertent disclosure of the child’s identity and privacy may occur if the written custody order or opinion provides specific details of the child’s life, i.e., school, extracurricular activities. Subdivision (b)(3) requires that the court refrain from using specific identifiers; instead, the court should use general terms, e.g., ‘‘high school,’’ not ‘‘John F. Kennedy High School.’’ In circumstances in which name specificity is required, such as school choice, the court should consider a separate order for that issue.

   Under no circumstance does a party’s filing of an updated Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form impose a duty on the court to review, respond, or react to a newly revealed criminal record or abuse history unless a party petitions the court for relief.

Historical Commentary
   The following commentary related to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.10 is historical in nature and represents statements of the Committee at the time of rulemaking:

Explanatory Comment—2019
   Subdivision (b) further defines and reinforces the requirements in 23 Pa.C.S. §  5323(e). Examples of safety provisions include, but are not limited to, supervised physical custody, a supervised or neutral custody exchange location, a neutral third-party present at custody exchanges, telephone or computer-facilitated contact with the child, no direct contact between the parties, third-party contact for cancellations, third-party transportation, and designating a secure, neutral location as repository for a child’s passport.

   Additionally, subdivision (b) requires a court to enter a custody order as a separate written order or in a separate section of a written opinion. The subdivision also addresses the practice of orally entering a custody order on the record without formalizing the custody order in writing. In such circumstances, the parties’ only documentation of the custody order is a transcription of the oral record. In R.L.P. v. R.F.M., 110 A.3d 201 (Pa. Super. 2015), the Superior Court held that ‘‘in order to be sufficiently specific to be enforced, an order of custody must be entered as a separate written order, or as a separate section of a written opinion.’’ Id. at 206. Despite the Superior Court’s decision, the practice of placing custody orders on the record without subsequently entering a written order has continued, which has been problematic for enforcement and understanding of the agreement’s or order’s terms.

Explanatory Comment—2021
   Subdivision (b)(3) allows the court discretion to initialize a custody action’s case caption when the child’s privacy may be compromised by the sensitive nature of the facts in the case record. When the court determines that the case caption should be initialized, additional privacy safeguards are required under subdivision (b)(4).

   Subdivision (b)(4) recognizes that inadvertent disclosure of the child’s identity and privacy may occur if the written custody order or opinion provides specific details of the child’s life (i.e., school, extracurricular activities). Subdivision (b)(4) requires that the court refrain from using specific identifiers; instead, the court should use general terms (i.e., high school, not John F. Kennedy High School). In circumstances in which name specificity is required, such as school choice, the court should consider a separate order for that issue.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.10 amended October 19, 1983, effective January 1, 1984, 13 Pa.B. 3629; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5323; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended June 3, 2019, effective October 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 3058; amended October 22, 2020, effective January 1, 2021, 50 Pa.B. 6199; amended April 25, 2025, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 3342. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (408801) to (408802).

Rule 1915.11. Appointing Child’s Attorney. Child Interview. Child Attending Proceedings.
 (a)  Appointing Child’s Attorney.

   (1)  Upon its own motion or a party’s motion, the court may appoint an attorney to represent a child who is the subject of the action.

   (2)  The court’s order appointing the child’s attorney, as provided in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.19, may apportion to the parties the reasonable cost of the child’s attorney.

   (3)  The child’s attorney:

     (i)   shall represent the child’s legal interest;

     (ii)   shall zealously represent the child as any other client in an attorney-client relationship; and

     (iii)   shall not act as the child’s guardian ad litem or best interest attorney as provided in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.11-2.

 (b)  Child Interview.

   (1)  The court may interview a child in open court or in chambers.

   (2)  If the court interviews the child, the court shall conduct the child’s interview on the record.

   (3)  If permitted by the court, a party’s attorney or a party may observe the interview.

   (4)  As part of the interview process, the court shall permit either:

     (i)   the parties’ attorneys to question the child under the court’s supervision, provided that all parties are represented by an attorney; or

     (ii)   a party’s attorney or a self-represented party to submit to the court written questions, which the court may include in its interview.

 (c)  Child Attending Proceedings. Unless ordered by the court or otherwise compelled to testify on the record, a child’s attendance at a conference, hearing, or trial is not required.

Comment—1991
   Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.15(c) provides a form of order to appear at a conference or hearing in a custody action.

   However, the presence of a child in court is not always necessary or desirable. The experience may be traumatic and disruptive. Consequently, the child should not be required to attend a hearing or conference in every case. When the presence of a child is required and the custodial party does not voluntarily bring the child, the court may issue an order for the child’s attendance.

   Subdivision (c) has been added to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.11 to provide that, in the absence of an order of court, a child who is the subject of the action need not be brought to a conference or a hearing before the court. The form of order to appear provided by Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.15(c) has been revised to implement this policy.

Comment—2022
   Although the rule states that a child is not required to attend a conference, hearing, or trial, the terminology used by a judicial district may vary for these court proceedings. The rule’s intent is to limit the child’s participation to only those proceedings in which the child will actively participate as a witness or in the court’s interview.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.11 amended April 29, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 2337; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended May 18, 2016, effective July 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 2854; amended January 20, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 826. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (403250) to (403251).

Rule 1915.11-1. Parenting Coordination.
 (a)  Parenting Coordination Program.

   (1)  If a judicial district implements a parenting coordination program, the court shall:

     (i)   maintain a roster of qualified individuals to serve as parenting coordinators; and

     (ii)   establish the hourly rate at which parenting coordinators shall be compensated.

   (2)  The parenting coordinator shall:

     (i)   attempt to resolve issues arising out of the custody order by facilitating an agreement between the parties; and

     (ii)   if unable to reach an agreement, recommend a resolution to the court.

 (b)  Parenting Coordinator Appointment.

   (1)  Appointment. After a final custody order has been entered, a judge may appoint a parenting coordinator to resolve parenting issues in cases involving repeated or intractable conflict between the parties that affects the implementation of the final custody order.

     (i)   A parenting coordinator should not be appointed in every case.

     (ii)   The appointment may be made on a party’s petition or the court’s motion.

   (2)  Domestic Violence Exception. In matters that involve domestic violence, a hearing shall be held to determine if the appointment of a parenting coordinator is appropriate.

     (i)   Domestic violence matters include the following:

       (a)   the parties to the action have a protection from abuse order in effect;

       (b)   the court finds that a party has been the victim of domestic violence perpetrated by a party to the action, either during the pendency of the action or within 36 months preceding the filing of the action; or

       (c)   the court finds that a party to the action has been the victim of a personal injury crime, as defined in 23 Pa.C.S. §  3103, which was perpetrated by a party to the action.

     (ii)   In the hearing, the court may consider abuse occurring beyond the 36 months provided in subdivision (b)(2)(ii).

     (iii)   Safety measures shall be in place to protect the parties, parenting coordinator, and third parties if a parenting coordinator is appointed in these matters.

   (3)  Duration of Appointment.

     (i)   The appointment of a parenting coordinator shall be for a specified period, which shall not exceed 12 months.

     (ii)   A party may petition the court for an extension of the appointment or the court in its discretion may extend the appointment for an additional period.

   (4)  Withdrawal. If the parenting coordinator seeks to withdraw from service in a case, the parenting coordinator shall petition the court and provide a copy of the petition to the parties or the parties’ attorneys.

   (5)  Written Agreement. The parenting coordinator shall set forth in a separate written agreement with the parties:

     (i)   the amount of any retainer;

     (ii)   the hourly rate to be charged;

     (iii)   the process for invoices and payment for services;

     (iv)   information on the parenting coordination process; and

     (v)   provide a signed copy of the agreement to the parties before initiating any services.

 (c)  Parenting Coordinator Qualifications.

   (1)  A parenting coordinator shall be licensed to practice in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as either an attorney or a mental health professional with a master’s degree or higher.

   (2)  At a minimum, the parenting coordinator shall have:

     (i)   practiced family law for five years or have five years of professional post-degree experience in psychiatry, psychology, counseling, family therapy, or other comparable behavioral or social science field; and

     (ii)   specialized training by a provider approved or certified by the American Psychological Association, Pennsylvania Psychological Association, American Bar Association, Pennsylvania Bar Association, Pennsylvania Bar Institute, or American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers. The training shall include:

       (A)   five hours in the parenting coordination process;

       (B)   ten hours of family mediation;

       (C)   five hours of training in domestic violence; and

       (D)   in each two-year period after the initial appointment, ten continuing education credits on any topic related to parenting coordination with a minimum of two hours on domestic violence.

   (3)  An attorney or a mental health professional seeking an appointment as a parenting coordinator:

     (i)   shall sign an affidavit attesting that he or she has met the qualifications outlined in subdivisions (c)(1) and (c)(2);

     (ii)   shall submit the affidavit to the president judge or administrative judge of the judicial district where the parenting coordinator is seeking appointment; and

     (iii)   after submission of the initial affidavit, a parenting coordinator shall submit a new affidavit every two years attesting that he or she continues to meet the qualifications for a parenting coordinator outlined in subdivisions (c)(1) and (c)(2).

 (d)  Appointment Order. The parenting coordinator’s authority as delineated in subdivision (e) shall be included in the order appointing the parenting coordinator, which shall be substantially in the form set forth in Rule 1915.22.

 (e)  Scope of Authority of the Parenting Coordinator. If the parties are unable to reach an agreement, the parenting coordinator shall have the authority to recommend resolutions to the court on issues related to the custody order.

   (1)  Issues Included. To implement the custody order and resolve related parenting issues about which the parties cannot agree, the parenting coordinator is authorized to recommend resolutions to the court about issues that include, but are not limited to:

     (i)   places and conditions for custodial transitions between households;

     (ii)   temporary variation from the custodial schedule for a special event or particular circumstance;

     (iii)   school issues, apart from school selection;

     (iv)   the child’s participation in recreation, enrichment, and extracurricular activities, including travel;

     (v)   child-care arrangements;

     (vi)   clothing, equipment, toys, and the child’s personal possessions;

     (vii)   information exchanges (e.g., school, health, social) between the parties and communication with or about the child;

     (viii)   coordination of existing or court-ordered services for the child (e.g., psychological testing, alcohol or drug monitoring/testing, psychotherapy, anger management);

     (ix)   the child’s behavioral management; and

     (x)   other related custody issues that the parties mutually have agreed in writing to submit to the parenting coordinator, which are not excluded in subdivision (e)(2).

   (2)  Excluded Issues. The following issues are excluded from the parenting coordinator’s scope of authority:

     (i)   a change in legal custody as set forth in the custody order;

     (ii)   a change in primary physical custody as set forth in the custody order;

     (iii)   except as set forth in subdivision (e)(1)(ii), a change in the court-ordered custody schedule that reduces or expands the child’s time with a party;

     (iv)   a change in the child’s residence (relocation);

     (v)   determination of financial issues, other than allocation of the parenting coordinator’s fees as set forth in subdivision (h)(1);

     (vi)   major decisions affecting the child’s health, education, or religion; and

     (vii)   other issues limited by the appointing judge.

   (3)  Collateral Sources.

     (i)   Unless the parties consent, the parenting coordinator shall not contact collateral sources or speak with the child.

     (ii)   To effectuate subdivision (e)(3)(i), the parties shall execute releases, as necessary, authorizing the parenting coordinator to communicate with the appropriate individuals.

     (iii)   Any communication with the collateral sources or child shall be limited to the issue currently before the parenting coordinator.

 (f)  Communications. No Testimony.

   (1)  Communication between the parties or the parties’ attorneys and the parenting coordinator is not confidential.

   (2)  Written Communication.

     (i)   A party or a party’s attorney may communicate in writing with the parenting coordinator.

     (ii)   Contemporaneously with communications with the parenting coordinator as provided in subdivision (f)(2)(i), the party shall send a copy of the written communication to the other party or the other party’s attorney.

   (3)  Documents, recordings, or other material that a party gives to the parenting coordinator shall be promptly made available to the other party or the other party’s attorney for inspection and copying.

   (4)  Oral Communication.

     (i)   The parties and their attorneys may receive, but not initiate, oral ex parte communication with the parenting coordinator.

     (ii)   A parenting coordinator may initiate oral communication with a party or party’s attorney but shall promptly advise the other party or the other party’s attorney of the communication.

   (5)  Communication between the parenting coordinator and the court shall be in writing and copies of the written communication shall be sent contemporaneously to the parties or the parties’ attorneys.

   (6)  A party cannot compel the testimony of a parenting coordinator without an order of court.

 (g)  Recommendations. Objecting to the Recommendation. Judicial Review. Record Hearing.

   (1)  The parenting coordinator shall provide to the parties notice and an opportunity to be heard on the issues.

   (2)  The parenting coordinator’s recommendation shall be in writing on the Summary and Recommendation of the Parenting Coordinator form, which shall be substantially in the form set forth in Rule 1915.23.

     (i)   The parenting coordinator shall send the recommendation to the court for review within two days after hearing from the parties on the issues.

     (ii)   The parenting coordinator shall serve a copy of the recommendation on the parties or the parties’ attorneys, concurrently with sending the recommendation to the court.

     (iii)   The parenting coordinator’s recommendation shall be binding on the parties pending the court’s disposition pursuant to subdivisions (g)(3) or (g)(4).

   (3)  A party objecting to the recommendation shall file a petition for a record hearing before the court within five days of service of the recommendation.

     (i)   The petition must specifically state the issues to be reviewed and include a demand for a record hearing. A copy of the recommendation shall be attached to the petition.

     (ii)   In accordance with Pa.R.Civ.P. 440, the objecting party shall serve the petition on the other party or the other party’s attorney and the parenting coordinator.

     (iii)   As soon as practical, the court shall conduct a record hearing on the issues specifically set forth in the petition.

   (4)  If the parties do not file an objection within five days of service of the parenting coordinator’s recommendation, the court shall:

     (i)   approve the recommendation;

     (ii)   approve the recommendation in part and conduct a record hearing on issues not approved;

     (iii)   remand the recommendation to the parenting coordinator for more specific information; or

     (iv)   not approve the recommendation and conduct a record hearing on the issues.

   (5)  The court shall render a decision within the time set forth in Rule 1915.4(d).

   (6)  The court’s decision shall be served on the parties and the parenting coordinator.

 (h)  Fees.

   (1)  Allocation.

     (i)   The appointing judge shall allocate between the parties the fees of the parenting coordinator.

     (ii)   The parenting coordinator may reallocate the fees, subject to the approval of the court, if one party has caused a disproportionate need for the services of the parenting coordinator.

   (2)  Limitation. To limit the financial burden on the parties, a parenting coordinator should meet with the parties only upon a request of a party to resolve an issue about which the parties disagree.

   (3)  Enforcement. If one or both parties fail to pay according to the parenting coordinator’s agreement, the parenting coordinator may file a recommendation with the court to order the parties to pay.

   (4)  Waiver of Fees or Reduced Fees. Judicial districts implementing a parenting coordination program shall effectuate a policy or program by local rule so that indigent or low-income parties may participate in the parenting coordination program at a reduced fee or no fee.

Comment:
   The parenting coordinator shall include in the parties’ written agreement the hourly rate established by the judicial district.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.11-1 adopted April 23, 2013, effective in 30 days on May 23, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 2559; amended August 9, 2018, effective March 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 5346; amended December 23, 2024, effective April 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 238, 660. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (408803) to (408806) and (413411) to (413412).

Rule 1915.11-2. Guardian Ad Litem.
 (a)  Appointment.

   (1)  On its own motion or a party’s motion, the court may appoint a guardian ad litem if the court finds that the appointment is necessary for determining the child’s best interest.

   (2)  As set forth in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.21, the court’s order appointing the guardian ad litem may apportion to the parties the reasonable cost of the guardian ad litem.

 (b)  Qualifications. The guardian ad litem shall be a licensed attorney or licensed mental health professional.

 (c)  Duties.

   (1)  As provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  5334, which has been suspended in part by Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.25, the guardian ad litem shall perform the duties as enumerated in Section 5334, including representing the child’s best interest.

   (2)  The guardian ad litem shall not represent the child’s legal interest or act as the child’s legal counsel.

 (d)  Report. The guardian ad litem shall prepare a written report, which shall include specific recommendations relating to the child’s best interest.

   (1)  Child’s Statement.

     (i)   The written report may include a subject child’s statement to the guardian ad litem that would be otherwise inadmissible as hearsay under the Pennsylvania Rules of Evidence, provided the requirements of Pa.R.E. 703 are satisfied.

     (ii)   A child’s statement included in the written report under subdivision (d)(1)(i) shall not be considered substantive evidence.

   (2)  The guardian ad litem shall file the written report with the prothonotary, which shall become part of the record.

   (3)  Confidential. The guardian ad litem’s filed report and a party’s filed response to the report as provided in subdivision (d)(5) shall be confidential and shall not constitute a public record.

   (4)  The guardian ad litem shall provide the report to the parties and the court when filed but not later than 20 days prior to a hearing or trial or as otherwise ordered by the court.

   (5)  Comments. Objections.

     (i)   Within ten days of receiving the guardian ad litem’s report, a party may file with the prothonotary and serve on the other party and the court:

       (A)   a comment to the report, which shall become part of the record; or

       (B)   an objection to the report’s admissibility, in whole or in part, including a subject child’s statement to the guardian ad litem.

     (ii)   The court shall determine the report’s admissibility prior to the hearing or trial.

   (6)  Subject to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.11, a party may subpoena:

     (i)   an individual interviewed by the guardian ad litem or identified in the report to appear and testify at the hearing or trial; or

     (ii)   the guardian ad litem for the production of a document relied upon by the guardian ad litem in preparing the report.

 (e)  Testimony.

   (1)  When determined necessary by the trial court, the guardian ad litem shall participate in court proceedings by attending, and by providing sworn testimony if called to testify by a party or the court. The guardian ad litem shall not be permitted to provide argument, unsworn opinions, or unsworn testimony to the court.

   (2)  If called to testify by a party, the guardian ad litem shall be subject to cross-examination by opposing parties. If called to testify by the court, the guardian ad litem shall be subject to cross-examination by any party.

   (3)  Child’s Statement.

     (i)   Except as precluded by the court in subdivision (d)(5)(ii), the guardian ad litem’s testimony may include the subject child’s statement to the guardian ad litem that would be otherwise inadmissible as hearsay under the Pennsylvania Rules of Evidence, provided the requirements of Pa.R.E. 703 are satisfied.

     (ii)   A child’s statement included in the guardian ad litem’s testimony under subdivision (e)(3)(i) shall not be considered substantive evidence.

 (f)  Order. The order appointing a guardian ad litem shall be substantially in the form set forth in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.21.

Comment:
   Subdivision (a)(1) states that the guardian ad litem may be appointed when ‘‘the appointment is necessary.’’ Such appointments should be limited to extraordinary cases in which the trial judge determines that the level of conflict is unusually high or that the parties will be absolutely unable to provide the court with the information necessary to evaluate and determine the subject child’s best interests. Regardless of appointment of a GAL, the duty and responsibility to determine the best interests of the children involved lies solely with the trial judge.

   The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania suspended 23 Pa.C.S. §  5334 insofar as it (1) requires that a guardian ad litem be an attorney, (2) permits the guardian ad litem to represent both the best interests and legal interests of the child, (3) provides the guardian ad litem the right to examine, cross-examine, present witnesses, and present evidence on behalf of the child, and (4) prohibits the guardian ad litem from testifying.

   See 23 Pa.C.S. §  5336, prohibiting disclosure of certain records and information to parents and parties.

   Subdivision (d)(1) and (e)(3) reference the requirements of Pa.R.E. 703. Rule 703 relates to the bases for expert opinion testimony. While the requirements of Rule 703 must be satisfied for any written report that includes statements made by a subject child, the guardian ad litem is not an expert witness and need not be qualified as an expert prior to testifying. However, the guardian ad litem

   In addition, the guardian ad litem cannot serve as a mere conduit for hearsay or for the opinions of another person, including the subject child. The guardian ad litem cannot relate the opinion of a non-testifying witness unless the guardian ad litem has reasonably relied upon it. Upon appropriate objection from any party, the trial court shall strike any testimony or portion of the guardian ad litem’s written report that is inadmissible as hearsay if the requirements for Pa.R.E. 703 are not met.

   Subdivision (d)(6) provides that a party may subpoena an individual interviewed by the guardian ad litem, an individual that is identified in the guardian ad litem’s report, or a document relied upon by the guardian ad litem in producing the report. The subdivision shall not be construed to limit a party’s ability to subpoena other individuals or for the production of documents for a trial or hearing, or for discovery purposes, if the court had previously authorized discovery pursuant to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.5(c). remains subject to questions and cross-examination regarding qualifications and experience.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.11-2 adopted August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended January 27, 2023, effective April 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 824. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (408808) and (377877).

Rule 1915.11-3. Certification of Parenting Coordination Program.
 (a)  Implementation. Each judicial district may determine if it will implement a parenting coordination program.

 (b)  Certification. The president judge or the administrative judge of the Family Division of each judicial district shall certify if the judicial district has established a parenting coordination program. The certification shall be filed with the Domestic Relations Procedural Rules Committee, and shall be substantially in the following form:

 I hereby certify that

County has implemented a parenting coordination program in accordance with Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.11-1.
 

…

  (President Judge)… (Administrative Judge) 
Comment:
   For a list of judicial districts having a parenting coordination program, see https://www.pacourts.us/courts/supreme-court/committees/rules-committees/domestic-relations-procedural-rules-committee.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.11-3 added December 23, 2024, effective April 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 238, 660.

Rule 1915.12. Civil Contempt for Disobedience of Custody Order. Petition. Form of Petition. Service. Order.
 (a)  A petition for civil contempt shall begin with a notice and order to appear in substantially the following form:

NOTICE AND ORDER TO APPEAR
 Legal proceedings have been brought against you alleging you have willfully disobeyed an order of court for custody. If you wish to defend against the claim set forth in the following pages, you may but are not required to file in writing with the court your defenses or objections. Whether or not you file in writing with the court your defenses or objections, you must appear in person in court on

, at
.M., in Courtroom
,
   (Day and Date)      (Time)
.
(Address)                 
   IF YOU DO NOT APPEAR IN PERSON, THE COURT MAY ISSUE A WARRANT FOR YOUR ARREST.

   If the court finds that you have willfully failed to comply with its order, you may be found to be in contempt of court and committed to jail, fined or both.

   YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS PAPER TO YOUR LAWYER AT ONCE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER.

   IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.



 (Name)

 (Address)

 (Telephone Number)
BY THE COURT:

J.   
Date:

 (b)  The petition shall allege the facts which constitute willful failure to comply with the custody order, a copy of which shall be attached to the petition.

 (c)  The petition shall be in substantially the following form:

 (Caption)

 PETITION FOR CIVIL CONTEMPT FOR
DISOBEDIENCE OF CUSTODY ORDER

 The Petition of

, respectfully represents:
   1. That on

, Judge
entered an Order awarding (Petitioner) (Respondent) (shared legal custody) (sole legal custody)(partial physical custody) (primary physical custody) (shared physical custody) (sole physical custody) (supervised physical custody) of the minor child(ren)
(Name(s) of Child(ren))
   A true and correct copy of the order is attached to this petition.

   2. Respondent has willfully failed to abide by the order in that





   3. Petitioner has attached the Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form required pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.3-2.

 WHEREFORE, Petitioner requests that Respondent be held in contempt of court.

   

(Attorney for Petitioner) (Petitioner)
 I verify that the statements made in this petition are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

   

…
  Date…Petitioner   
 (d)  The petition shall be served upon the respondent by personal service or regular mail. No answer to the petition shall be required. If service is by mail, the hearing on the petition shall not be held sooner than seven days after mailing of the petition unless the court for cause shown orders an earlier hearing. If the respondent fails to appear, the court shall continue the hearing and may order personal service by the sheriff or constable, or alternative service as accepted by the court, of the petition and notice of a new hearing date or the court may issue a bench warrant for production of the respondent in court and not for imprisonment.

 (e)  After hearing, an order committing a respondent to jail for contempt of a custody order shall specify the condition which must be fulfilled to obtain release of the respondent.

   Official Note

   See the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  5443 and 5445, relating to registration and enforcement of custody decrees of another state, and 23 Pa.C.S. §  5471, relating to intrastate application of the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.12 amended November 8, 1982, effective January 1, 1983, 12 Pa.B. 4040; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5323; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended December 2, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6263; amended March 18, 2004, effective June 16, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 1754; amended November 19, 2008, effective immediately, 38 Pa.B. 6596; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended July 20, 2015, effective September 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 4158. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (368281) to (368283).

Rule 1915.13. Special Relief.
 At any time after commencement of the action, the court may on application or its own motion grant appropriate interim or special relief. The relief may include, but is not limited to, the award of temporary legal or physical custody; the issuance of appropriate process directing that a child or a party or person having physical custody of a child be brought before the court; and a direction that a person post security to appear with the child when directed by the court or to comply with any order of the court.

   Official Note

   This rule supplies relief formerly available by habeas corpus for production of the child.

Explanatory Comment—1981
   Rule 1915.13 contains a broad provision empowering the court to provide special relief where appropriate. In a custody proceeding, such special relief might include relief in the nature of a writ of ne exeat, directing the parties not to leave the jurisdiction and not to remove the child from the jurisdiction.

   The rule catalogs several types of relief which might be granted, including the entry of a temporary order of custody, partial custody or visitation. The rule specifically provides that the power of the court to grant special relief shall not be limited to the types of relief cataloged.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.13 amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (340204) to (340205).

Rule 1915.14. Disobedience of Order. Arrest. Contempt.
 If a person disobeys an order of court other than a custody order, the court may issue a bench warrant for the arrest of the person and if the disobedience is willful may, after hearing, adjudge the person to be in contempt.

   Official Note

   For disobedience of a custody order, see Rule 1915.12.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.14 amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (340205).

Rule 1915.15. Form of Complaint. Caption. Order. Petition to Modify a Custody Order.
 (a)  Complaint. The complaint in a custody action shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)

COMPLAINT FOR CUSTODY
 1. The plaintiff is

, residing at (Street)
(City)
(Zip Code)
(County)
.
 2. The defendant is

, residing at (Street)
(City)
(Zip Code)
(County)
.
 3. Plaintiff seeks (shared legal custody) (sole legal custody) (partial physical custody) (primary physical custody) (shared physical custody) (sole physical custody) (supervised physical custody) of the following child(ren):
   Name…Present Residence…Age   

   


   


   


 The child (was) (was not) born out of wedlock.

 The child is presently in the custody of

, (Name) who resides at
   



   (Street)… (City) … (State)   
 During the past five years, the child has resided with the following persons and at the following addresses:


(List All Persons)	(List All Addresses)	(Dates)
 A parent of the child is

, currently residing at
.
 This parent is (married) (divorced) (single).

 A parent of the child is

, currently residing at
.
 This parent is (married) (divorced) (single).

 4. Plaintiff’s relationship to the child is that of

Plaintiff currently resides with the following persons:


Name	Relationship
 5. Defendant’s relationship to the child is that of

.
Defendant currently resides with the following persons:


Name	Relationship
 6. Plaintiff (has) (has not) participated as a party or witness, or in another capacity, in other litigation concerning the custody of the child in this or another court. The court, term and number, and its relationship to this action is:

   

   

 Plaintiff (has) (has no) information of a custody proceeding concerning the child pending in a court of this Commonwealth or any other state. The court, term and number, and its relationship to this action is:

.
 Plaintiff (knows) (does not know) of a person not a party to the proceedings who has physical custody of the child or claims to have custodial rights with respect to the child. The name and address of such person is:

.
 7. The child’s best interest and permanent welfare will be served by granting the relief requested because (set forth facts showing that the granting of the relief requested will be in the child’s best interest and permanent welfare):

   


   


 8. Each parent whose parental rights to the child have not been terminated and the person who has physical custody of the child have been named as parties to this action. All other persons, named below, who are known to have or claim a right to custody of the child will be given notice of the pendency of this action and the right to intervene:


Name	Address	Basis of Claim
 9. Standing.

 (a)  If the plaintiff is seeking physical or legal custody of a child and is in loco parentis to the child, the plaintiff shall plead facts establishing standing under 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324(2).

   


   


 (b)  If the plaintiff is a grandparent seeking physical or legal custody of a grandchild and is not in loco parentis to the child, the plaintiff shall plead facts establishing standing under 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324(3).

   


   


 (c)  If the plaintiff is seeking physical or legal custody of a child and is not in loco parentis to the child, the plaintiff shall plead facts establishing standing pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324(4) and (5).

   


   


 (d)  If the plaintiff is a grandparent or great-grandparent seeking partial physical custody or supervised physical custody of a grandchild or great-grandchild, the plaintiff shall plead facts establishing standing under 23 Pa.C.S. §  5325.

   


   


 10. Plaintiff has attached the Criminal Record/Abuse History Verification form required pursuant to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.3-2.

 Wherefore, Plaintiff requests the court to grant (shared legal custody) (sole legal custody) (partial physical custody) (primary physical custody) (shared physical custody) (sole physical custody) (supervised physical custody) of the child.

 


Plaintiff/Attorney for Plaintiff
 I verify that the statements made in this Complaint are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

 


Plaintiff
 

 (b)  Petition for Modification. A petition for modification of a custody order shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)

PETITION FOR MODIFICATION OF A CUSTODY ORDER
 1. Petitioner is

and resides at
.
 2. Respondent is

and resides at
.
 3. Petitioner respectfully represents that on

, 20
, an Order of Court was entered for (shared legal custody) (sole legal custody) (partial physical custody) (primary physical custody) (shared physical custody) (sole physical custody) (supervised physical custody). A true and correct copy of the Order is attached.
 4. This Order should be modified because:

   


   


 5. Petitioner has attached the Criminal Record/ Abuse History Verification form required pursuant to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.3-2.

 WHEREFORE, Petitioner requests that the Court modify the existing Order because it will be in the best interest of the child(ren).

 


(Attorney for Petitioner) (Petitioner)
 I verify that the statements made in this petition are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

   

…

Date

Petitioner
 

 (c)  Order. The order to be attached at the front of the complaint or petition for modification shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)

ORDER OF COURT
 You,

, (defendant) (respondent), have been sued in court to (OBTAIN) (MODIFY) (shared legal custody) (sole legal custody) (partial physical custody) (primary physical custody) (shared physical custody) (sole physical custody) (supervised physical custody) of the child(ren):
.
 You are ordered to appear in person at

(Address), on
(Day and Date) , at
(Time) ,
.M., for
  a conciliation or mediation conference.

  a pretrial conference.

  a hearing before the court.

 If you fail to appear as provided by this order, an order for custody may be entered against you or the court may issue a warrant for your arrest.

 You must file with the court a verification regarding any criminal record or abuse history regarding you and any member of your household at the initial in-person contact with the court (including, but not limited to, a conference with a conference officer or judge or conciliation) or within 30 days of service of the initiating pleading, whichever occurs first.

 No party may make a change in the residence of any child which significantly impairs the ability of the other party to exercise custodial rights without first complying with all of the applicable provisions of 23 Pa.C.S. §  5337 and Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.17 regarding relocation.

 YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS PAPER TO YOUR LAWYER AT ONCE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER. IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.

   


(Name)

(Address)

(Telephone Number)

AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990
 The Court of Common Pleas of

County is required by law to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. For information about accessible facilities and reasonable accommodations available to disabled individuals having business before the court, please contact our office. All arrangements must be made at least 72 hours prior to any hearing or business before the court. You must attend the scheduled conference or hearing.
   BY THE COURT:

   

J.
   Date:



Comment:
   The form of complaint is appropriate if there is one plaintiff, one defendant, and the custody of one child is sought or the custody of several children is sought, and the information required by Paragraphs 3 to 7 is identical for all of the children. If there are more than two parties, the complaint should be appropriately adapted to accommodate them. If the custody of several children is sought and the information required is not identical for all of the children, the complaint should contain a separate paragraph for each child.

   Pa.R.Civ.P. 1930.1(b) may require attorneys or unrepresented parties to file confidential documents and documents containing confidential information that are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania.

Historical Commentary
   The following commentary related to Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.15 is historical in nature and represents statements of the Committee at the time of rulemaking:

Explanatory Comment—2008
   In an effort to promote uniformity of practice throughout the Commonwealth, several forms are included in the rules. Two aspects of these forms are worthy of mention. First, much of the information which must be set forth in the complaint is required by the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act, 23 Pa.C.S.A. §  5429. Second, the complaint is verified by use of a statement that it is subject to the penalties of the Crimes Code relating to unsworn falsification to authorities. A notary public is not needed.

Explanatory Comment—2020
   Act of May 4, 2018, P.L. 112, No. 21, amended 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324 by adding a new class of third-party standing for individuals seeking custody of a child whose parents do not have care and control of the child. The individual seeking custody may or may not be related to the child. Subject to the limitations in 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324(5), the newly added standing provision requires that: (1) the individual has assumed or is willing to assume responsibility for the child; (2) the individual has a sustained, substantial, and sincere interest in the child’s welfare; and (3) the child’s parents do not have care and control of the child. A plaintiff proceeding under Section 5324(4) shall satisfy the requirements of that provision by clear and convincing evidence. Additionally, if a juvenile dependency proceeding has been initiated, or is ongoing, or if there is an order for permanent legal custody, Section 5324(5) provides that an individual cannot assert standing under Section 5324(4).

   Consistent with the Act’s statutory change, the Complaint for Custody Paragraph 9 has been revised to include a third party seeking custody of a child under 23 Pa.C.S. §  5324(4) and has been reorganized to sequentially follow the statutory provisions in 23 Pa.C.S. § §  5324(2)—(4) and 5325. Similarly, Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.3(e) has been reorganized to sequentially follow the statutory provision sequence. See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.3(e).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.15 amended November 8, 1982, effective January 1, 1983, 12 Pa.B. 4040; amended April 29, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 2337; amended December 2, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6263; amended March 2, 2000, effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 1646; amended March 18, 2004, effective June 16, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 1754; amended November 19, 2008, effective immediately, 38 Pa.B. 6596; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended July 20, 2015, effective September 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 4158; amended May 18, 2016, effective July 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 2854; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520; amended July 27, 2020, effective October 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 4019; amended April 25, 2025, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 3342. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (402491) to (402496).

Rule 1915.16. Form of Order and Notice. Joinder. Intervention.
 (a)  The order and notice joining a party in an action under Rule 1915.6(a) shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)
ORDER AND NOTICE
 A complaint has been filed in the Court of Common Pleas of

County concerning custody of the following child(ren):
.
 The Court has learned you may have a legal interest in custody of the child(ren) named.
 A hearing will be held in Courtroom
of the Court of Common Pleas,
,
(Address)
on
, at
,
.M.
    (Day and Date)      (Time)
 If you wish to protect any legal interest you may have or wish to present evidence to the Court on those matters, you should appear at the place and time and on the date above.
 If you have the child(ren) in your possession or control, you must appear and bring them to the Courthouse with you.
 If you wish to claim a right of custody, you may file a counterclaim.
 If you fail to appear as provided by this order or to bring the child(ren), an order for custody may be entered against you or the Court may issue a warrant for your arrest.
 YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS PAPER TO YOUR LAWYER AT ONCE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER.
   IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.


  (Name)

  (Address)
  (Telephone Number)
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990
 The Court of Common Pleas of

County is required by law to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. For information about accessible facilities and reasonable accommodations available to disabled individuals having business before the court, please contact our office. All arrangements must be made at least 72 hours prior to any hearing or business before the court.
BY THE COURT:

J.  
Date:
 (b)  The order for notice of the pendency of the action and the right to intervene required by Rule 1915.6(b) shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)
ORDER AND NOTICE
 A complaint has been filed in the Court of Common Pleas of

County concerning custody of the following child(ren):
.
 The Court has learned you claim custodial rights with respect to the child(ren) named.
 A hearing will be held in Courtroom
of the Court of Common Pleas
,
(Address)
on
, at
,
.M. If you wish to assert your     (Day and Date)      (Time)
claim to custodial rights with respect to the child(ren) or wish to present evidence to the Court on those matters, you should petition the Court, on or before the above date, for leave to intervene in the proceedings.
 YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS PAPER TO YOUR LAWYER AT ONCE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER. IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.

  (Name)

  (Address)

  (Telephone Number)
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990
 The Court of Common Pleas of

County is required by law to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. For information about accessible facilities and reasonable accommodations available to disabled individuals having business before the court, please contact our office. All arrangements must be made at least 72 hours prior to any hearing or business before the court.
BY THE COURT:
J.  
Date:


Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.16 amended December 2, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6263; amended March 18, 2004, effectively June 16, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 1754; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (340208) to (340210).

Rule 1915.17. Relocation. Notice and Counter-Affidavit.
 (a)  A party proposing to change the residence of a child which significantly impairs the ability of a non-relocating party to exercise custodial rights must notify every other person who has custodial rights to the child and provide a counter-affidavit by which a person may agree or object. The form of the notice and counter-affidavit are set forth in subdivisions (i) and (j) below. The notice shall be sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressee only or pursuant to Pa.R.C.P No. 1930.4, no later than the sixtieth day before the date of the proposed change of residence or other time frame set forth in 23 Pa.C.S. §  5337(c)(2).

 (b)  If the other party objects to the proposed change in the child’s residence, that party must serve the counter-affidavit on the party proposing the change by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressee only, or pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.4 within 30 days of receipt of the notice required in subdivision (a) above. If there is an existing child custody case, the objecting party also shall file the counter-affidavit with the court.

 (c)  If no objection to a proposed change of a child’s residence is timely served after notice, the proposing party may change the residence of the child and such shall not be considered a ‘‘relocation’’ under statute or rule.

 (d)  The procedure in any relocation case shall be expedited. There shall be no requirement for parenting education or mediation prior to an expedited hearing before a judge.

 (e)  If the party proposing the relocation seeks an order of court, has served a notice of proposed relocation as required by 23 Pa.C.S. §  5337, has not received notice of objection to the move and seeks confirmation of relocation, the party proposing the relocation shall file:

   (1)  a complaint for custody and petition to confirm relocation, when no custody case exists, or

   (2)  a petition to confirm relocation when there is an existing custody case and

   (3)  a proposed order including the information set forth at 23 Pa.C.S. §  5337(c)(3).

 (f)  If the party proposing the relocation has received notice of objection to the proposed move after serving a notice of proposed relocation as required by 23 Pa.C.S. §  5337 et seq., the party proposing relocation shall file:

   (1)  a complaint for custody or petition for modification, as applicable;

   (2)  a copy of the notice of proposed relocation served on the non-relocating party;

   (3)  a copy of the counter-affidavit indicating objection to relocation; and

   (4)  a request for a hearing.

 (g)  If the non-relocating party has been served with a notice of proposed relocation and the party proposing relocation has not complied with subdivision (f) above, the non-relocating party may file:

   (1)  a complaint for custody or petition for modification, as applicable;

   (2)  a counter-affidavit as set forth in 23 Pa.C.S. §  5337(d)(1), and

   (3)  a request for a hearing.

 (h)  If a non-relocating party has not been served with a notice of proposed relocation and seeks an order of court preventing relocation, the non-relocating party shall file:

   (1)  a complaint for custody or petition for modification, as applicable;

   (2)  a statement of objection to relocation; and

   (3)  a request for a hearing.

 (i)  The notice of proposed relocation shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)
NOTICE OF PROPOSED RELOCATION
 You,

, are hereby notified that
(party proposing relocation)
proposes to relocate with the following minor child(ren):
.
 To object to the proposed relocation, you must complete the attached counter-affidavit and serve it on the other party by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressee only, or pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.4 within 30 days of receipt of this notice. If there is an existing child custody case, you also must file the counter-affidavit with the court. If you do not object to the proposed relocation within 30 days, the party proposing relocation has the right to relocate and may petition the court to approve the proposed relocation and to modify any effective custody orders or agreements. FAILURE TO OBJECT WITHIN 30 DAYS WILL PREVENT YOU FROM OBJECTING TO THE RELOCATION ABSENT EXIGENT CIRCUMSTANCES.

 Address of the proposed new residence:

 

  Check here if the address is confidential pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  5336(b).

 Mailing address of intended new residence (if not the same as above)


 

  Check here if the address is confidential pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  5336(b).

 Names and ages of the individuals who intend to reside at the new residence:

 NameAge

 


 


 


 

  Check here if the information is confidential pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  5336(b) or (c).

 Home telephone number of the new residence:

  Check here if the information is confidential pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  5336(b) or (c).

 Name of the new school district and school the child(ren) will attend after relocation:

  Check here if the information is confidential pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  5336(b) or (c).

 Date of the proposed relocation:

  Check here if the information is confidential pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  5336(b) or (c).

 Reasons for the proposed relocation:

 


 

  Check here if the information is confidential pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  5336(b) or (c).

 Proposed modification of custody schedule following relocation:

 


 


 


 


 

 Other information:

 YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS PAPER TO YOUR LAWYER AT ONCE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER. IF YOU CANNOTAFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.

 


 


 


 



   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). This rule may require attorneys or unrepresented parties to file confidential documents and documents containing confidential information that are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania.

 (j)  The counter-affidavit that must be served with the relocation notice shall be substantially in the following form as set forth in 23 Pa.C.S. §  5337(d):

(Caption)
COUNTER-AFFIDAVIT REGARDING RELOCATION
 This proposal of relocation involves the following child/children:


Child’s Name	Age	Currently residing at:
Child’s Name	Age	Currently residing at:
Child’s Name	Age	Currently residing at:
 I have received a notice of proposed relocation and (check all that apply):

 1.  I do not object to the relocation.

 2.  I do not object to the modification of the custody order consistent with the proposal for modification set forth in the notice.

 3.  I do not object to the relocation, but I do object to modification of the custody order.

 4.  I plan to request that a hearing be scheduled by filing a request for hearing with the court:

 a.  Prior to allowing (name of child/children) to relocate.

 b.  After the child/children relocate.

 5.  I do object to the relocation.

 6.  I do object to the modification of the custody order.

 I understand that in addition to objecting to the relocation or modification of the custody order above, I must also serve this counter-affidavit on the other party by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressee only, or pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.4, and, if there is an existing custody case, I must file this counter-affidavit with the court. If I fail to do so within 30 days of my receipt of the proposed relocation notice, I understand that I will not be able to object to the relocation at a later time.

 I verify that the statements made in this counter-affidavit are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 (relating to unsworn falsification to authorities).

 


(Date)(Signature)

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). This rule may require attorneys or unrepresented parties to file confidential documents and documents containing confidential information that are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.17 adopted August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended July 20, 2015, effective September 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 4158; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377885) to (377886) and (390123) to (390125).

Rule 1915.18. Form of Order Directing Expert Examination and Report.
 The order of court directing expert evaluation in a custody matter pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.8 shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)
ORDER OF COURT
 AND NOW, this

day of
, 20
, it is hereby ORDERED, that:
 1. The evaluator  shall be

or  will be selected by the parties.
 2. The evaluator shall conduct a

  Physical Evaluation

  Psychological Evaluation

  Custody Evaluation

  Drug and/or Alcohol Evaluation

  Home Study

  Other (Specify)

 3. The evaluator  shall  shall not make specific recommendations for legal and physical custody. If the evaluator makes specific recommendations, the evaluator shall state the specific reasons for the recommendations.

 4. The parties shall participate fully with the evaluator on a timely basis, including retaining the evaluator upon appropriate terms, scheduling appointments, paying promptly, participating in all sessions and in appropriate testing recommended by the evaluator and executing any reasonable consents relating to themselves and their children.

 

    5. If the evaluation is a medical necessity, the service may be covered by insurance. If so, both parties shall promptly cooperate to maximize the use of available insurance coverage, if any, and to notify the other party of the result. The  plaintiff  defendant shall submit the costs to his or her insurance first. The cost of the unreimbursed portion of the evaluation shall preliminarily be allocated between the parties with the plaintiff paying

% and the defendant paying
% without prejudice to the ultimate apportionment of such costs by subsequent agreement of the parties or order of court.
  6. The cost of the evaluation shall be borne by the county, subject to reimbursement by

.
 

   7. The cost for the evaluator’s time for depositions and/or testimony for hearing shall be  allocated

% to the plaintiff and
% to the defendant or  paid by the party seeking the testimony.
  8. The evaluator may consult with and/or interview any person the evaluator reasonably believes can provide relevant information, including other experts and/or fact witnesses.

  9. The evaluator may utilize the services of another qualified professional (e.g. to perform additional services) without court approval.

  10. Subject to the applicable rules of evidence, the evaluator’s file (including notes, exhibits, correspondence, test interpretations and, to the extent it is not a violation of copyright law or applicable professional rules, raw test data) shall promptly be made available to counsel for the parties.

  11. Provided that the parties cooperate on a timely basis, the evaluator shall deliver his or her report to counsel for the parties, any unrepresented party, the guardian ad litem and/or counsel for the child, if any, and to the court at least

days prior to the first day of trial. The report shall not be filed of record.
  12. Prior to and/or subsequent to the submission of the evaluator’s written report, counsel for the parties shall not be permitted to communicate with the evaluator as to substantive issues, without the consent or direct participation of counsel for the other party.

 13. If the report or any information from the evaluator is provided to the court, the evaluator shall be subject to cross examination by all counsel and any unrepresented party regardless of who obtains or pays for the services of the evaluator.

 14. The evaluator shall be provided with a copy of this order.

 15. The evaluator’s report shall not be inappropriately disseminated.

  16. Other provisions:



 FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THE TERMS OF THIS ORDER MAY RESULT IN FINES, IMPRISONMENT OR OTHER SANCTIONS.
BY THE COURT:

J.  

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.18 adopted May 16, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 2882; amended May 23, 2007, effective August 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 2602; amended August 2, 2010, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 4634; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377889) to (377890).

Rule 1915.19. Form of Order Appointing Counsel for the Child.
 The order appointing an attorney to represent a child in a child custody action pursuant to Rule 1915.11 shall be in substantially the following form:

(Caption)
ORDER OF COURT
 AND NOW, THIS

day of
, 20
, it is hereby ordered as follows:
 Pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.11,

is appointed as attorney for the minor child
(D.O.B.
) in connection with the civil proceedings related to the custody of the minor child.
 Counsel for the child shall zealously represent the legal interests of the child as any other client in an attorney-client relationship and shall not act as the child’s guardian ad litem or best interests attorney. The child’s attorney shall not be called to testify and communications between the child’s attorney and the child shall be privileged, consistent with the attorney-client relationship.

 It is ordered and decreed that all relevant schools, police departments, hospitals and social service agencies, including home and school agencies who have records, reports and/or information pertaining to the child relevant to the custody of the child, shall allow the child’s attorney access to all files and records in its possession, custody or control and shall cooperate in responding to all relevant inquires. These files/records may include but are not limited to medical, psychological or psychiatric charts including evaluations and progress notes and records, X-rays, photographs, tests, test evaluations, intake and discharge summaries, police records, and school records including report cards, educational assessments and educational plans, relevant to this custody dispute and/or relevant to any special needs or requirements of the child. The child’s attorney shall have the right to copy any part of the files and records maintained in connection with the child.

 It is further ordered and decreed that the child’s attorney shall be permitted to see and speak with the child, and family, medical and/or social service providers connected with this case, and take all steps appropriate to and consistent with this order.

 The fees for the child’s attorney shall be paid as follows:


   

 This appointment shall terminate upon the entry of a final order resolving the petition pending as of the date of this order or as provided in subsequent order of court.
BY THE COURT:

J.  

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.19 adopted August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702.

Rule 1915.21. Form of Order Appointing Guardian Ad Litem.
 The order appointing a guardian ad litem in a child custody action pursuant to Rule 1915.11-2 shall be in substantially the following form:

(Caption)

ORDER OF COURT
 AND NOW, THIS

day of
, 20
, it is hereby ordered as follows:
 Pursuant to Pa.R.Civ.P. No. 1915.11-2,

is appointed as guardian ad litem for the minor child
(D.O.B.
) in connection with the civil proceedings related to the custody of the minor child.
 The child’s guardian ad litem shall represent the best interests of the child. The guardian ad litem shall not act as the child’s attorney or represent the child’s legal interests.

 It is ordered and decreed that all relevant schools, police departments, hospitals and social service agencies including home and school agencies who have records, reports and/or information pertaining to the child relevant to the custody of the child, shall allow the guardian ad litem access to all files and records in its possession, custody or control and shall cooperate in responding to all relevant inquires. These files/records may include but are not limited to medical, psychological or psychiatric charts including evaluations and progress notes and records, X-rays, photographs, tests, test evaluations, intake and discharge summaries, police records, and school records including report cards, educational assessments and educational plans, relevant to this custody dispute and/or relevant to any special needs or requirements of the child. The guardian ad litem shall have the right to copy any part of the files and records maintained in connection with the child.

 It is further ordered and decreed that the guardian ad litem shall be permitted to see and speak with the child, and family, medical and/or social service providers connected with this case, and take all steps appropriate to and consonant with this order.

 The guardian ad litem shall provide copies of any reports prepared by the guardian ad litem to each party, or to their counsel, and to the court when filed but not later than 20 days prior to a hearing or trial or as otherwise ordered by the court.

 The guardian ad litem shall attend all proceedings and be prepared to testify. The guardian ad litem shall be subject to cross-examination in accordance with Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.11-2(e)(2) if called to testify.

 The fees for the guardian ad litem shall be paid as follows:

 


 

 This appointment shall terminate upon the entry of a final order resolving the petition pending as of the date of this order or as provided in subsequent order of court.

 BY THE COURT:


J.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.21 adopted August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended January 27, 2023, effective April 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 824. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (397137) to (397138).

Rule 1915.22. Form of Order Appointing Parenting Coordinator.
 The order appointing a parenting coordinator pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.11-1 shall be in substantially the following form:

(Caption)

ORDER OF COURT
 AND NOW, this

day of
, 20
, it is hereby ordered as follows:
   1. APPOINTMENT AND TERM:

 Pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.11-1,

is appointed as the parties’ parenting coordinator for a term of
months (not exceeding 12 months).
 Legal counsel for

, or either party, if unrepresented, shall provide copies of all orders, pleadings and custody evaluations in this case to the parenting coordinator within ten (10) days of the date of this order.
   2. ROLE OF THE PARENTING COORDINATOR:

 (a)  The parenting coordinator shall attempt to resolve issues arising out of the custody order by facilitating an agreement between the parties and, if unable to reach an agreement, recommend a resolution to the court.

 (b)  The parenting coordinator shall not function as the attorney, advocate, counselor, or psychotherapist for the parties, the parties’ child(ren), or family. However, the parenting coordinator is permitted and encouraged to facilitate communication and agreement between the parties when conflicts arise and shall always act in a manner conducive to the best interests of the child(ren).

   3. PARENTING COORDINATOR’S SCOPE OF AUTHORITY:

 To implement the custodial arrangement set forth in the custody order and resolve related parenting issues about which the parties cannot agree, the parenting coordinator is authorized to recommend resolutions to the court about issues that include, but are not limited to:

 (a)  places and conditions for transitions between households;

 (b)  temporary variation from the schedule for a special event or particular circumstance;

 (c)  school issues, apart from school selection;

 (d)  the child(ren)’s participation in recreation, enrichment, and extracurricular activities, including travel;

 (e)  child-care arrangements;

 (f)  clothing, equipment, toys, and personal possessions of the child(ren);

 (g)  information exchanges (e.g., school, health, social) and communication with or about the child(ren);

 (h)  coordination of existing or court-ordered services for the child(ren) (e.g., psychological testing, alcohol or drug monitoring/testing, psychotherapy, anger management);

 (i)  behavioral management of the child(ren); and

 (j)  other related custody issues that the parties mutually have agreed in writing to submit to the parenting coordinator, which are not excluded in Paragraph 4.

   4. EXCLUSIONS FROM PARENTING COORDINATOR’S AUTHORITY:

 (a)  The following specific issues are excluded from the parenting coordinator’s scope of authority:

   (1)  a change in legal custody as set forth in the custody order;

   (2)  a change in primary physical custody set forth in the custody order;

   (3)  other than as set forth in Paragraph 3(b), a change in the court-ordered custody schedule that reduces or expands the child(ren)’s time with a party;

   (4)  a change in the residence (relocation) of the child(ren);

   (5)  determination of financial issues, other than allocation of the parenting coordinator’s fees as set forth in Pa.R.C.P. 1915.11-1(g)(1);

   (6)  major decisions affecting the health, education, or religion of the child(ren); and

   (7)  Other:

 (b)  Unless the parties consent, the parenting coordinator shall not contact collateral sources or speak with the child(ren). The parties shall execute releases, as necessary, authorizing the parenting coordinator to communicate with the appropriate individuals. Any communication with the collateral sources or child(ren) shall be limited to the issue(s) currently before the parenting coordinator.

   5. COMMUNICATIONS:

 (a)  The parenting coordinator shall determine the protocol of all communications, interviews, and sessions, including who shall attend the sessions (including the children), and whether the sessions will be conducted in person or by other means. The protocols should include measures addressing the safety of all participants.

 (b)  Communication between the parties or their attorneys and the parenting coordinator is not confidential.

 (c)  The parties and their attorneys shall have the right to receive, but not initiate, oral ex parte communication with the parenting coordinator. The parenting coordinator shall promptly advise the other party or the other party’s attorney of the communication. A party or a party’s attorney may communicate in writing with the parenting coordinator, but shall contemporaneously send a copy of the written communication to the other party or the other party’s attorney. Documents, recordings, or other material that one party gives to the parenting coordinator must be promptly made available to the other party or the other party’s attorney for inspection and copying.

 (d)  Communication between the parenting coordinator and the court shall be in writing and copies of the written communication shall be sent contemporaneously to the parties or the parties’ attorneys.

 (e)  A party cannot compel the testimony of a parenting coordinator without an order of court.

   6. PARENTING COORDINATION PROCESS:

 (a)  The parenting coordinator shall provide to the parties notice and an opportunity to be heard on the issues.

 (b)  The parenting coordinator’s recommendation shall be in writing on the Summary and Recommendation of the Parenting Coordinator form set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.23 and sent to the court for review within two days after hearing from the parties on the issues. The parenting coordinator shall serve a copy of the Summary and Recommendation on the parties or the parties’ attorneys.

 (c)  A party objecting to the recommendation shall file a petition for a record hearing before the court within five days of service of the Summary and Recommendation of the Parenting Coordinator form. The petition must specifically state the issues to be reviewed and include a demand for a record hearing. A copy of the recommendation shall be attached to the petition. In accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. 440, the objecting party shall serve the petition upon the other party or the party’s attorney and the parenting coordinator.

   7. RECORD HEARING:

 (a)  If the parties do not file an objection within five days of service of the parenting coordinator’s recommendation, the court shall:

   (1)  approve the recommendation;

   (2)  approve the recommendation in part and conduct a record hearing on issues not approved;

   (3)  remand the recommendation to the parenting coordinator for more specific information; or

   (4)  not approve the recommendation and conduct a record hearing on the issues.

 (b)  As soon as practical, the court shall conduct a record hearing on the issues specifically set forth in the petition. The court shall render a decision within the time set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.4(d).

 (c)  If a party makes a timely objection, the recommendation shall become an interim order of court pending further disposition by the court.

   8. ALLOCATION OF FEES:

 (a)  The parties will share the obligation to pay the fees of the parenting coordinator as follows:

% Mother,
% Father,
% Third party. Fees may be reallocated by the court or the parenting coordinator if a party has disproportionately caused the need for the services of the parenting coordinator.
 (b)  The judicial district’s established hourly rate for parenting coordinators shall be set forth in a separate written agreement entered into between the parties and the parenting coordinator.

 (c)  The parties will pay a joint retainer to the parenting coordinator in the percentages set forth above in an amount to be set forth in a separate agreement between the parties and the parenting coordinator. After each session, or at least once monthly, the parenting coordinator shall provide the parties with an invoice of charges incurred. The retainer may be replenished as services are rendered. Funds remaining at the conclusion of the parenting coordinator’s appointment shall be returned to the parties.

   9. TERMINATION/WITHDRAWAL OF PARENTING COORDINATOR:

 (a)  The parties may not terminate the parenting coordinator’s services without court approval.

 (b)  A party seeking the termination of the parenting coordinator’s services shall serve the other party or the party’s attorney and parenting coordinator with a copy of the petition for termination.

 (c)  If the parenting coordinator seeks to withdraw from service in a case, the parenting coordinator shall petition the court and provide a copy of the petition to the parties or the parties’ attorneys.

   10. APPEAL:

 If there is an appeal of the underlying custody order or this order, then this order shall be stayed during the pendency of the appeal.

 BY THE COURT:

 

 J.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.22 adopted August 9, 2018, effective March 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 5346.

Rule 1915.23. Form of the Summary and Recommendation of the Parenting Coordinator.
 The recommendation of the parenting coordinator shall be in writing and shall be in substantially the following form:

(Caption)

SUMMARY AND RECOMMENDATION
OF THE PARENTING COORDINATOR
 The undersigned, the duly appointed parenting coordinator in the above-captioned matter, pursuant to the Order of Court dated

, 20
, after submission of the issue described below and after providing the parties with an opportunity to heard on the issue, the parenting coordinator sets forth the following:
SUMMARY OF THE ISSUE(S)
 1. Description of the issue(s):


 2. The respective parties’ position on the issue(s):

   

   

   

   


AGREEMENT
 If the parties reached an agreement, please provide the terms below:

   


   

   

   

   

   


RECOMMENDATION
   

   

   

   

   

   

 Within five days of the date set forth below, a party may object to this recommendation by filing a petition with the court and requesting a record hearing before the judge as set forth in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.11-1(g)(3).

 The undersigned parenting coordinator certifies that this Summary and Recommendation of the Parenting Coordinator has been served on the court and the parties or the parties’ attorneys on the date set forth below,

   

…

Date … Parenting Coordinator   
ORDER OF COURT

JUDICIAL REVIEW OF PARENTING
COORDINATOR’S RECOMMENDATION
    The Recommendation is approved.

    The Recommendation is approved in part. The issue(s) not approved by the court is/are:

   


and a record hearing is scheduled for
, 20
at
a.m./p.m. before the undersigned.
    The Recommendation is remanded to the parenting coordinator for additional information on the following issue(s):

   


    The Recommendation is not approved and a record hearing on the issue(s) is scheduled for

, 20
at
a.m./p.m. before the undersigned.
  By the Court:

   

…

Date

J.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.23 adopted August 9, 2018, effective March 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 5346; amended December 23, 2024, effective April 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 238, 660. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (395141) to (395142).

Rule 1915.24. Acts of Assembly Not Suspended.
 The following Acts or parts of Acts of Assembly shall not be deemed suspended or affected:

   (1)  Chapter 63 of the Judicial Code, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., known as the Juvenile Act;

   (2)  Section 5341 et seq. of the Domestic Relations Code, 23 Pa.C.S. §  5341 et seq., known as the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction Act, except to the extent suspended by Rule 1915.25 governing Suspension of Acts of Assembly;

   (3)  The Act of December 19, 1990, No. 206, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., known as the Child Protective Services Law;

   (4)  The Act of October 7, 1976, No. 218, as amended, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6101 et seq., known as the Protection from Abuse Act; and

   (5)  Chapter 53, Subchapter A of Title 23 of the Consolidated Statutes, 23 Pa.C.S. §  5301 et seq., setting forth general custody provisions.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.24 amended November 8, 1982, effective January 1, 1983, 12 Pa.B. 4040; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5323; amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (157279) to (157280).

Rule 1915.25. Suspension of Acts of Assembly.
 (a)  Rescinded.

 (b)  23 Pa.C.S. §  5334. 23 Pa.C.S. §  5334 is suspended insofar as it (1) requires that a guardian ad litem be an attorney; (2) permits the guardian ad litem to represent both the best interests and legal interests of the child; (3) provides the guardian ad litem the right to examine, cross-examine, present witnesses, and present evidence on behalf of the child; and (4) prohibits the guardian ad litem from testifying.

 (c)  23 Pa.C.S. §  6339. 23 Pa.C.S. §  6339, which provides for the confidentiality of reports made pursuant to the Child Protective Services Law, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  6301 et seq., is suspended insofar as it is inconsistent with Pa.R.Civ.P. 1915.3-3 and 1915.3-4, which provide for the disclosure of such reports by the court to the parties.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1915.25 amended March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1943; amended August 1, 2013, effective September 3, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 4702; amended April 25, 2025, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 3342. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (395143).






















~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter1930/chap1930toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 1930. RULES RELATING TO DOMESTIC
RELATIONS MATTERS GENERALLY
Rule


1930.1.    Form of Caption. Confidential Information and Confidential Documents. Certification.
1930.2.    No Post-trial Practice. Motions for Reconsideration.
1930.3.    Testimony by Electronic Means.
1930.4.    Service of Original Process in Domestic Relations Matters.
1930.5.    Discovery in Domestic Relations Matters.
1930.6.    Paternity Actions. Scope. Venue. Commencement of Action.
1930.7.    Status Conference.
1930.8.    Self-Represented Party.
1930.9.    Family Court Forms.
1931.    Family Court Rules.
Rule 1930.1. Form of Caption. Confidential Information and Confidential Documents. Certification.
 (a)  Form of Caption.

 (1) Except as set forth in subdivision (2), the caption in a domestic relations matter shall include the parties’ full names. The form of the caption shall be substantially in the following form:

 In the Court of Common Pleas of _______________ County, Pennsylvania.



Party A’s full name,	)	
)	
  Plaintiff	)	
vs.	)	No. (Docket number)
)
Party B’s full name,	)	
)	
  Defendant	)	


(Title of Pleading)
   (2)  In a custody action, the court may order that the case caption contain the parties’ initials rather than the parties’ names based on the sensitive nature of the facts in the case record and the child’s best interest.

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.10(b)(3).

 (b)  Unless public access is otherwise constrained by applicable authority, any attorney, or any party if unrepresented, who files a document pursuant to these rules with the prothonotary’s office shall comply with the requirements of Sections 7.0 and 8.0 of the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania (Policy) including a certification of compliance with the Policy and, as necessary, a Confidential Information Form or a Confidential Document Form in accordance with the Policy.

Comment
   Applicable authority includes but is not limited to statute, procedural rule, or court order. The Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania (Policy) can be found on the website of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania at https://www.pacourts.us/public-records. Sections 7.0(D) and 8.0(D) of the Policy provide that the certification shall be in substantially the following form:

   

  I certify that this filing complies with the provisions of the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania that require filing confidential information and documents differently than non-confidential information and documents.

   The Confidential Information Form and the Confidential Document Form can be found at https://www.pacourts.us/public-records.

Explanatory Comment—2021
   Subdivision (a)(1) requires that the parties’ full names are used in a domestic relations case caption unless the court determines it necessary to protect the child’s identity by initializing the case caption in a custody action based on sensitive facts in the case and the child’s best interest. Generally, a child custody case does not include sensitive information or egregious facts that would cause embarrassment to a child and necessitate exceptional privacy measures; however, in the unusual circumstance that a custody action has egregious facts that may cause an issue for the child, the trial court would have the discretion to initialize the caption in order to maintain the child’s privacy interests.

   Subdivision (a)(2) provides the exception to the general rule in subdivision (a)(1) for a custody action in which the court deems that the child could be adversely affected by the sensitive nature of the facts in the record. In a custody case in which the trial court determines the child’s best interest requires an initialized caption, Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915-10(b)(4) requires that additional privacy safeguards are in the written custody order or opinion entered by the court.

   The rule’s requirement that a case caption use the parties’ full names does not alter a party’s or an attorney’s responsibilities under the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania and subdivision (b).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1930.1 adopted December 2, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6293; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520; amended October 22, 2020, effective January 1, 2021, 50 Pa.B. 6199; amended December 1, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7620. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (403257) to (403258).

Rule 1930.2. No Post-trial Practice. Motions for Reconsideration.
 (a)  There shall be no motions for post-trial relief in any domestic relations matter, including Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation matters.

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P., No. 1957.

 (b)  A party aggrieved by the decision of the court may file a motion for reconsideration in accordance with Pa.R.A.P. 1701(b)(3). If the court does not grant the motion for reconsideration within the time permitted, the time for filing a notice of appeal will run as if the motion for reconsideration had never been presented to the court.

   Official Note

    Pennsylvania Rule of Appellate Procedure 903 states that the Notice of Appeal shall be filed within 30 days after the entry of the order from which the appeal is taken, except as otherwise set forth in that rule.

 (c)  The court shall render its reconsidered decision within 120 days of the date the motion for reconsideration is granted, except as set forth in subdivision (e). If the court’s decision is not rendered within 120 days, the motion shall be deemed denied.

 (d)  If the court does not enter a reconsidered decision within 120 days, the time for filing a notice of appeal will begin to run anew from the date of entry of the reconsidered decision or from the 121st day after the motion for reconsideration was granted.

 (e)  If the court grants the motion for reconsideration and files its order within the 30-day appeal period, the court may issue an order during the applicable 120-day period directing that additional testimony be taken. If the court issues an order for additional testimony, the reconsidered decision need not be rendered within 120 days, and the time for filing a notice of appeal will run from the date the reconsidered decision is rendered.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1930.2 adopted March 30, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 1941; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155; amended October 6, 2016, effective January 1, 2017, 46 Pa.B. 6612. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (376559) to (376560).

Rule 1930.3. Testimony by Electronic Means.
 With the approval of the court upon good cause shown, a party or witness may be deposed or testify by telephone, audiovisual or other electronic means at a designated location in all domestic relations matters.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1930.3 adopted December 8, 1994, effective July 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6399; amended May 31, 2000, effective July 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 3155. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (256290).

Rule 1930.4. Service of Original Process in Domestic Relations Matters.
 (a)  Personal Service.

   (1)  Persons Who May Serve. A sheriff or competent adult, as defined in Pa.R.Civ.P. 76, may effectuate personal service of original process in domestic relations matters, including Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation matters.

   (2)  Manner of Service.

     (i)   A sheriff or competent adult may serve original process:

       (A)   by handing a copy of the original process to the defendant;

       (B)   at the defendant’s residence by handing a copy of the original process to:

         (I)   an adult member of the family with whom the defendant resides; but if an adult family member is unavailable, then to an adult in charge of the residence; or

         (II)   the clerk or manager of the hotel, inn, apartment house, boarding house, or other place of lodging; or

       (C)   at the defendant’s office or usual place of business by handing a copy of the original process to the defendant’s agent or the person for the time being in charge; or

     (ii)   pursuant to special order of court.

   (3)  Service in Protection From Abuse and Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation Matters.

     (i)   If the sheriff or competent adult cannot complete personal service within 48 hours after a Protection From Abuse or a Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation petition is filed, the court may authorize alternative service by special order as set forth in subdivision (a)(2)(ii).

     (ii)   Alternative service may include, but is not limited to, service by mail pursuant to subdivision (b) or service by commercial carrier pursuant to subdivision (c).

 (b)  Service by Mail.

   (1)  In domestic relations matters, except Protection from Abuse and Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation matters, a party may serve the original process, a notice or order to appear, if required, and other orders or documents, as necessary, by United States Postal Service (USPS) first class regular and certified mail to the defendant’s last known address.

     (i)   The party serving the original process by mail shall:

       (A)   restrict delivery of the certified mail to the addressee only; and

       (B)   request a return receipt, which may be an electronic return receipt.

     (ii)   Completed Service by Mail. Service of original process is complete when:

       (A)   the return receipt bears the defendant’s purported signature indicating receipt of the certified mail;

       (B)   the return receipt acknowledges delivery of the certified mail to the defendant consistent with USPS policy and the first class regular mail is not returned within 15 days of mailing; or

       (C)   USPS returns the certified mail indicating the defendant refused delivery, but the first class regular mail is not returned within 15 days of mailing.

     (iii)   Incomplete Service by Mail.

       (A)   Service of original process is incomplete when:

         (I)   USPS returns the certified mail with a notation indicating that the mail was unclaimed by the defendant; or

         (II)   is otherwise inconsistent with subdivision (b)(1)(ii).

       (B)   If service by mail is incomplete, the party attempting service shall utilize another method pursuant to these rules to effectuate service.

   (2)  Protection from Abuse and Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation Matters. A party may serve original process by mail, if authorized by the court under subdivision (a)(2)(ii).

 (c)  Service by Commercial Carrier.

   (1)  In all domestic relations matters, except Protection from Abuse and Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation matters, a party may serve the original process, a notice or order to appear, if required, and other orders or documents, as necessary, by commercial carrier and USPS first class regular mail to the defendant’s last known address.

     (i)   The party serving the original process by commercial carrier shall:

       (A)   restrict delivery of the commercial carrier’s package to the defendant’s address only; and

       (B)   request that the commercial carrier provide a return receipt, which may be an electronic return receipt, detailing the date of delivery, the delivery address, and to whom the package was delivered.

     (ii)   Completed Service by Commercial Carrier. Service of original process is complete when:

       (A)   the return receipt bears the defendant’s purported signature indicating receipt of the commercial carrier’s package;

       (B)   the return receipt acknowledges delivery of the commercial carrier’s package to the defendant’s address consistent with the commercial carrier’s policy and the first class regular mail is not returned within 15 days; or

       (C)   the commercial carrier returns the package indicating the defendant refused delivery, but the first class regular mail is not returned within 15 days of mailing.

     (iii)   Incomplete Service by Commercial Carrier.

       (A)   Service of original process is incomplete when:

         (I)   the commercial carrier returns the package indicating that the package was unclaimed by the defendant; or

         (II)   is otherwise inconsistent with subdivision (c)(1)(ii).

       (B)   If service by commercial carrier is incomplete, the party attempting service shall utilize another service method pursuant to these rules.

   (2)  Protection from Abuse and Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation Matters. A party may serve original process by commercial carrier, if authorized by the court under subdivision (a)(2)(ii).

 (d)  Acceptance of Service. The defendant or the defendant’s authorized agent may accept service of original process as set forth in Pa.R.Civ.P. 402(b).

 (e)  Time for Service.

   (1)  Service Within the Commonwealth. Within 30 days of filing the original process, a person or party shall serve the original process on a defendant located within the Commonwealth.

   (2)  Service Outside of the Commonwealth.

     (i)   Within 90 days of filing the original process, a person or party shall serve the original process on a defendant located outside the Commonwealth as:

       (A)   authorized by this rule;

       (B)   provided by the law of the jurisdiction in which defendant will be served;

       (C)   provided by treaty; or

       (D)   directed by the foreign authority in response to a letter rogatory or request.

     (ii)   Protection from Abuse and Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation Matters.

       (A)   A person shall serve original process on a defendant located outside of the Commonwealth by personal service as provided:

         (I)   in subdivision (a); or

         (II)   by the law in the jurisdiction where the defendant resides or is located.

       (B)   If personal service is not completed within 48 hours after the filing of the original process, a person or party may serve a defendant located outside of the Commonwealth by other means authorized by this rule.

 (f)  Service of Original Process on an Incarcerated Party.

   (1)  A party serving original process on an incarcerated party in a domestic relations action shall include:

     (i)   a notice of any proceeding; and

     (ii)   a specific notice of the incarcerated party’s right to petition the court to participate in the proceeding.

   (2)  A party may petition the court to request that the incarcerated party participate in a proceeding when:

     (i)   the incarcerated party seeks to participate as provided by statute or rule; or

     (ii)   another party requires the incarcerated party’s participation or testimony.

 (g)  Reinstatement of Original Process.

   (1)  If a person or party cannot complete service within the time required by subdivision (e), the prothonotary shall reinstate the original process upon the party’s praecipe:

     (i)   accompanied by the original process; or

     (ii)   indicating that the original process has been lost or destroyed and accompanied by a substituted original process.

   (2)  A person or party shall serve the reinstated original process within the time periods set forth in subdivision (e).

   (3)  A party may:

     (i)   request the prothonotary reinstate the original process at any time or any number of times; or

     (ii)   name a new party defendant in a reinstated original process only if the complaint or petition has not been served on a defendant.

 (h)  Proof of Service.

   (1)  Original Process Served.

     (i)   A party or person serving the original process shall complete a proof of service, which shall be by an affidavit if an individual other than a sheriff serves the original process.

     (ii)   The proof of service shall state:

       (A)   the date and time of service;

       (B)   the place of service;

       (C)   the manner in which service was made;

       (D)   the identity of the person served;

       (E)   other facts necessary for the court to determine whether proper service has been made; and

       (F)   the additional documents required in subdivision (h)(3), as necessary.

   (2)  Personal Service Pursuant to Subdivision (a). The proof of service shall be filed in the appropriate filing office within ten days of the date of service.

   (3)  Service by Mail or Commercial Carrier Pursuant to Subdivisions (b) or (c).

     (i)   Service Complete under Subdivision (b)(1)(ii)(A) or (c)(1)(ii)(A).

       (A)   The proof of service shall include the return receipt bearing the defendant’s purported signature; and

       (B)   The proof of service shall be filed within ten days of the date the defendant signed the return receipt.

     (ii)   Service Complete under Subdivision (b)(1)(ii)(B) or (c)(1)(ii)(B).

       (A)   The proof of service shall include:

         (I)   the return receipt or envelope acknowledging delivery to the defendant’s residence consistent with USPS or the commercial carrier’s policy; and

         (II)   an affidavit indicating the first class regular mail was not returned within 15 days of mailing.

       (B)   The proof of service shall be filed within ten days of the date:

         (I)   the return receipt acknowledges delivery to the defendant’s address consistent with USPS or the commercial carrier’s policy; and

         (II)   after the passage of time set forth in subdivisions (b)(1)(ii)(B) or (c)(1)(ii)(B).

     (iii)   Service Complete under Subdivision (b)(1)(ii)(C) or (c)(1)(ii)(C).

       (A)   The proof of service shall include:

         (I)   the return receipt or envelope acknowledging the attempted delivery to the defendant’s residence and that delivery had been refused; and

         (II)   an affidavit stating the first class regular mail was not returned within 15 days after mailing.

       (B)   The proof of service shall be filed within ten days of the date:

         (I)   the return receipt acknowledges the attempted delivery to the defendant’s address consistent with USPS or the commercial carrier’s policy; and

         (II)   after the passage of time set forth in subdivisions (b)(1)(ii)(C) or (c)(1)(ii)(C).

   (4)  Acceptance of Service Pursuant to Subdivision (d).

     (i)   If the defendant or the defendant’s authorized agent accepts service of the original process as authorized in subdivision (d), the defendant or the defendant’s authorized agent shall sign an Acceptance of Service on the form set forth in Pa.R.Civ.P. 402(b).

     (ii)   The Acceptance of Service shall be filed in the appropriate filing office within ten days of accepting service.

   (5)  Original Process Not Served.

     (i)   If a party or person cannot serve the defendant within the time allowed in subdivision (e), the party or person attempting service:

       (A)   shall complete a proof of no service promptly; and

       (B)   file the proof of no service in the appropriate filing office within ten days of the expiration of time allowed for service in subdivision (e).

     (ii)   If a party or a person other than a sheriff attempts service of the original process, the proof of no service shall be by an affidavit stating with particularity the efforts made to effect service.

 (i)  Appearance at Hearing or Conference. A party appearing for a hearing or conference will be deemed to have been served.

Comment
:
   Additional alternative procedures for service outside the Commonwealth are set forth in 42 Pa.C.S. § §  5323 and 5329(2). For Protection from Abuse and Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation matters served outside of the Commonwealth, the party shall attempt personal service first before service can be made by certified and first class regular mail or by other means prescribed in subdivision (e)(2).

   Subdivision (f) addresses service of original process on an incarcerated party, and the incarcerated party’s right to seek permission to appear and testify. See Vanaman v. Cowgill, 526 A.2d 1226 (Pa. Super. 1987) and Salemo v. Salemo, 554 A.2d 563 (Pa. Super. 1989).

   The Domestic Relations Section is the filing office for child support, spousal support, and alimony pendente lite cases. See Pa.R.Civ.P. 1910.4(a).

   The timing of an attorney’s solicitation of a prospective client in actions governed by the Family Court Rules, see Pa.R.Civ.P. 1931(a), and actions pursuant to the Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation Act, see 42 Pa.C.S. § §  62A03—62A20, are restricted until proof of service appears on the docket. See Pennsylvania Rule of Professional Conduct 7.3(b)(4).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1930.4 adopted October 2, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 25 Pa.B. 4518; amended May 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2767; amended October 11, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 5263; amended August 8, 2006, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 4709; amended March 4, 2014, effective in 30 days on April 3, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 1749; amended March 4, 2015, effective in 30 days on April 3, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 1354; amended October 6, 2016, effective January 1, 2017, 46 Pa.B. 6612; amended September 12, 2018, effective September 28, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 6257; amended June 9, 2022, effective October 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 3579. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (393969) to (393972).

Rule 1930.5. Discovery in Domestic Relations Matters.
 (a)  There shall be no discovery in a simple support, custody, Protection from Abuse, or Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation proceedings unless authorized by order of court.

 (b)  Discovery shall be available without leave of court in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 4001—4025 in alimony, equitable distribution, counsel fees and expense, and complex support proceedings.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1930.5 adopted May 5, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 2532; amended March 9, 1998, effective July 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 1391; amended June 5, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 3306; amended October 6, 2016, effective January 1, 2017, 46 Pa.B. 6612. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (322447).

Rule 1930.6. Paternity Actions. Scope. Venue. Commencement of Action.
 (a)  This rule shall govern the procedure by which a putative father may initiate a civil action to establish paternity and seek genetic testing. Such an action shall not be permitted if an order already has been entered as to the paternity, custody, or support of the child, or if a support or custody action to which the putative father is a party is pending.

 (b)  An action may be brought only in the county in which the defendant or the child(ren) reside.

 (c)  An action shall be commenced by filing a verified complaint to establish paternity and for genetic testing substantially in the form set forth in subdivision (1). The complaint shall have as its first page the Notice of Hearing and Order set forth in subdivision (2).

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). This rule may require attorneys or unrepresented parties to file confidential documents and documents containing confidential information that are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania.

   (1)  The complaint filed in a civil action to establish paternity shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)

COMPLAINT TO ESTABLISH PATERNITY AND FOR GENETIC TESTING
 Plaintiff, 

, requests genetic testing to establish paternity pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  4343 and in support of that request states that:
 1. Plaintiff is an adult individual who resides at 

.
 2. Defendant is an adult individual who resides at 

.
 3. Defendant is the natural mother and Plaintiff believes that he may be the natural father of the following child(ren):

   Child’s Name…Date of Birth      

  



  

 4. The above-named children reside at the following address with the following individuals:

   Address…Person(s) Living with Child…Relationship to Child  






 5. Defendant was/was not married at the time the child(ren) was/were conceived or born.

 6. Defendant is/is not now married. If married, spouse’s name: 


 7. There is/is not a custody, support or other action involving the paternity of the above-named child(ren) now pending in any jurisdiction. Identify any such actions by caption and docket number 


 8. There has/has not been a determination by any court as to the paternity of the child(ren) in any prior support, custody, divorce or any other action. If so, identify the action by caption and docket number 


 9. Plaintiff agrees to pay all costs associated with genetic testing directly to the testing facility in accordance with the procedures established by that facility.

 Wherefore, Plaintiff requests that the court order Defendant to submit to genetic testing and to make the child(ren) available for genetic testing.

 I verify that the statements made in this complaint are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information and belief. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

 


Petitioner
   (2)  The Notice of Hearing and Order required by this rule shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)
NOTICE OF HEARING AND ORDER
 YOU HAVE BEEN SUED IN COURT. If you wish to defend against the claims set forth in the following papers, you must appear at the hearing scheduled below. If you fail to do so, the case may proceed against you and a final order may be entered against you granting the relief requested by the plaintiff.

 Plaintiff and Defendant are directed to appear on the 

 day of 
, 20
 at 
.m. in courtroom
 for a hearing on Plaintiff’s request for genetic testing. If you fail to appear as ordered, the court may enter an order in your absence requiring you and your child(ren) to submit to genetic tests.
 YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS PAPER TO YOUR LAWYER AT ONCE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR TELEPHONE THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER. IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE.

 (name) 



(address) 


(telephone number) 


Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990
 The Court of Common Pleas of 

 County is required by law to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. For information about accessible facilities and reasonable accommodations available to disabled individuals having business before the court, please contact our office. All arrangements must be made at least 72 hours prior to any hearing or business before the court. You must attend the scheduled conference or hearing.
 (d)  Service. Service of original process and proof of service in a civil action to establish paternity shall be in accordance with Rule 1930.4.

 (e)  Hearing and Order. At the hearing, the judge will determine whether or not the plaintiff is legally entitled to genetic testing and, if so, will issue an order directing the defendant and the child(ren) to submit to genetic testing, the cost of which shall be borne by the plaintiff.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1930.6 adopted June 5, 2001, effective immediately, 31 Pa.B. 3306; amended June 24, 2002, effective immediately, 32 Pa.B. 3389; amended March 18, 2004, effective June 16, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 1754; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390149) to (390151).

Rule 1930.7. Status Conference.
 At any time in the proceedings, the court, the court’s designee or the hearing officer, sua sponte or upon application of any party, may hold a status conference, in person or by any other means permitted by these rules, with the parties’ counsel, the parties and counsel, or self-represented parties in order to review the case status and expedite the litigation.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1930.7 adopted August 18, 2006, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 5571; amended October 19, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 6764. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (393974).

Rule 1930.8. Self-Represented Party.
 (a)  A party representing himself or herself shall enter a written appearance which shall state an address, which need not be his or her home address, where the party agrees that pleadings and other legal papers may be served, and a telephone number through which the party may be contacted. The entry of appearance may include a facsimile number as provided by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1012.

 (b)  A self-represented party is under a continuing obligation to provide current contact information to the court, to other self-represented parties, and to attorneys of record.

 (c)  When a party has an attorney of record, the party may assert his or her self-representation by:

   (1)  Filing a written entry of appearance and directing the prothonotary/court clerk to remove the name of his or her counsel of record with contemporaneous notice to said counsel, or

   (2)  Filing an entry of appearance with the withdrawal of appearance signed by his or her attorney of record.

 (d)  The self-represented party shall provide a copy of the entry of appearance to all self-represented parties and attorneys of record.

 (e)  The assertion of self-representation shall not delay any stage of the proceeding.

 (f)  The entry of appearance of a self-represented party shall be substantially in the following form:

[CAPTION]

ENTRY OF APPEARANCE OF SELF-REPRESENTED PARTY

PURSUANT TO Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.8
 I,

, Plaintiff or Defendant (circle one), represent myself in the within action.
 REMOVAL OR WITHDRAWAL OF COUNSEL OF RECORD (If Applicable)

 Remove

, Esq., as my attorney of record.
 Withdraw my appearance for the filing party.

 

Esq. (Print name)ID#
 

SignatureDATE:
 I understand that I am under a continuing obligation to provide current contact information to the court, to other self-represented parties, and to attorneys of record.

 All pleadings and legal papers can be served on me at the address listed below, which may or may not be my home address pursuant to Rule 1930.8:

 


 Print Name
 


 SignatureTelephone number
 


 AddressFAX
 


 City, State, Zip CodeDate
 THE PARTY FILING THIS ENTRY OF APPEARANCE MUST PROVIDE NOTICE BY SENDING A COPY TO ALL PARTIES AND ATTORNEYS, INCLUDING THE ATTORNEY REMOVED FROM THE CASE.

   Official Note

   This form cannot be used when filing for support through the Department of Public Welfare Bureau of Child Support Enforcement’s E-Services program. An entry of appearance form is available on the E-Services site for individuals filing through that program.

Explanatory Comment—2013
   Withdrawal of appearance by counsel of record without the entry of appearance by a self-represented party is governed by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1012. Service of original process in domestic relations matters is governed by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.4. Service of legal papers other than original process is governed by Pa.R.C.P. No. 440.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1930.8 adopted June 5, 2013, effective in 30 days on July 5, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 3329; amended March 4, 2015, effective in 30 days on April 3, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 1354. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (372675) to (372676).

Rule 1930.9. Family Court Forms.
 Forms adopted by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania and included in the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure relating to the practice and procedure of domestic relations matters shall be accepted for filing in all jurisdictions. Some of these forms may be maintained for public access at a website designated by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.

   Official Note

   Pa.R.C.P. No. 205.2 provides: ‘‘No pleading or other legal paper that complies with the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure shall be refused for filing by the prothonotary based on a requirement of a local rule of civil procedure or judicial administration. . . .’’

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1930.9 adopted June 16, 2014, effective in 30 days on July 16, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 4168.

Rule 1931. Family Court Rules.
 (a)  Actions Governed by These Rules.

   (1)  Divorce, Annulment, Dissolution of Marriage.

     (i)   Equitable Distribution.

     (ii)   Alimony/Alimony Pendente Lite.

     (iii)   Counsel Fees, Costs and Expenses.

   (2)  Child Custody.

     (i)   Legal Custody.

     (ii)   Physical Custody.

     (iii)   Partial Custody/Visitation.

   (3)  Support.

     (i)   Child Support.

     (ii)   Spousal Support.

     (iii)   Modification and Enforcement.

   (4)  Paternity.

   (5)  Protection From Abuse.

 (b)  Commencement of Action.

   (1)  Unified Family Court Docketing. All actions under these Family Court Rules which involve identical parties shall be entered on the court’s docket under the same primary case number. Additional letters or numbers may be added parenthetically to specify the type of action, judge assigned or other identifying information.

   (2)  Custody Agreements. If, at a support proceeding, it appears that resolution of custody issues will facilitate compliance with the child support order, the conference officer or hearing officer may provide the parties with a form custody complaint and form custody agreement, along with information as to where to file the completed documents, the filing fee, and how to contact the lawyers referral service. The support conference officer or hearing officer shall not participate in custody negotiations, preparation of the forms, or provide legal advice.

 (c)  Consolidation of Family Court Matters.

   (1)  General Rule. Two or more actions under these Family Court Rules involving the same parties and common questions of law and/or fact shall be consolidated for hearing or trial unless the court determines that it is inappropriate or impractical to do so.

   (2)  Trial Continuity. Trials before a judge or hearings before a hearing officer shall be scheduled to be heard on consecutive days or within a ten-day period. If not completed within the time allotted, the trial or hearing shall be concluded within 90 days of the date of the commencement of the trial or hearing, unless a shorter time frame is required by statute or another procedural rule.

   (3)  Prompt Decisions.

     (i)   Except as provided in subdivision (c)(3)(ii), in any matter brought under these Family Court Rules, a decision by a conference officer, hearing officer, or judge shall be entered, filed, and served upon counsel for the parties, or any party not represented by counsel, not later than 30 days after the conference, hearing, or trial concludes, unless a shorter time frame is required by statute or another procedural rule.

     (ii)   The time for entering and filing a decision may be extended if, within 30 days of the conclusion of the conference, hearing, or trial, the court extends the date for such decision by order entered of record showing good cause for the extension. In no event shall an extension delay entry of the decision more than 60 days after the conclusion of the conference, hearing, or trial.

 (d)  Continuing Education for Family Court Personnel.

   (1)  Program Development. Courses of instruction that include, at a minimum, the following topics shall be developed or approved by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts (AOPC):

     (i)   The substantive law and procedural aspects of the areas of law governed by these Family Court Rules;

     (ii)   Domestic violence;

     (iii)   Child development;

     (iv)   Family dynamics;

     (v)   Addictions and treatments;

     (vi)   Asset valuation;

     (vii)   Community resources.

   (2)  Initial Training. Within one year of assignment to cases governed by these Family Court Rules, each hearing officer, conciliator, mediator, and other court personnel designated by the president or administrative judge of each judicial district shall successfully complete the coursework developed or approved by the AOPC.

   (3)  Continuing Education. Each hearing officer, conciliator, mediator, and other court personnel designated by the president or administrative judge who is assigned to cases governed by these Family Court Rules shall successfully complete six hours of continuing education developed or approved by the AOPC each calendar year following the calendar year in which the initial training was completed.

   (4)  Compliance. The AOPC shall monitor compliance with the educational requirements of this rule.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1931 adopted December 17, 2002, effective immediately in the First, Fifth, Twenty-third and Forty-fifth Judicial Districts, 33 Pa.B. 13; amended October 19, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 6764. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (393976) to (393977).




















~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter1940/chap1940toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 1940. VOLUNTARY MEDIATION IN
CUSTODY ACTIONS
Rule


1940.1.    Applicability of Rules to Mediation.
1940.2.    Definitions.
1940.3.    Order for Orientation Session and Mediation. Selection of Mediator.
1940.4.    Minimum Qualifications of the Mediator.
1940.5.    Duties of the Mediator. Role of the Mediator.
1940.6.    Termination of Mediation.
1940.7.    Mediator Compensation.
1940.8.    Sanctions.
1940.9.    Effective Date.
Source
   The provisions of this Chapter 1940 adopted October 28, 1999, effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 5820, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 1940.1. Applicability of Rules to Mediation.
 The rules in this chapter shall apply to all court-established custody mediation programs and to any court-ordered mediation of individual custody cases.

Rule 1940.2. Definitions.
 As used in this Chapter, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

   ‘‘Mediation,’’ the confidential process by which a neutral mediator assists the parties in attempting to reach a mutually acceptable agreement on issues arising in a custody action. Mediation is not a court proceeding; rather, it is an independent, non-record proceeding in lieu of court involvement for the purpose of assisting the parties to address the child’s best interest. An agreement reached by the parties must be based on the voluntary decisions of the parties and not the decision of the mediator. The agreement may resolve all or only some of the disputed issues. The parties are required to mediate in good faith but are not compelled to reach an agreement. While mediation is an alternative means of conflict resolution, it is not a substitute for the benefit of legal advice. The participants in mediation shall be limited to the parties to the custody action, primarily the child’s parents and persons acting as parents. Except as provided in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1940.5(c), non-parties, including children, grandparents, and the parties’ attorneys, shall not participate in the mediation.

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1915.1 for the definition of a person acting as a parent.

   ‘‘Memorandum of Understanding,’’ the written document prepared by a mediator that contains and summarizes the resolution reached by the parties during mediation. A Memorandum of Understanding is primarily for the benefit of the parties and is not legally binding on either party.

   ‘‘Orientation Session,’’ the initial process of educating the parties on the mediation process so that they can make an informed choice about continued participation in mediation. This process may be mandated by the court and may be structured to include either group or individual sessions. An orientation session may also include an educational program for parents and children on the process of divorce and separation and the benefits of mediation in resolving custody disputes.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1940.2 amended February 8, 2018, effective April 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 1095. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (305183).

Rule 1940.3. Order for Orientation Session and Mediation. Selection of Mediator.
 (a)  Except as provided in (b), the court may order the parties to attend an orientation session at any time upon motion by a party, stipulation of the parties, or the court’s own initiative.

 (b)  The court may not order an orientation session if a party or a child of either party is or has been the subject of domestic violence or child abuse either during the pendency of the action or within 24 months preceding the filing of the action.

   Official Note

   See also Rule 1940.6(a)(4) requiring termination of mediation when the mediator finds that the proceeding is ‘‘inappropriate’’ for mediation. The mediator has a continuing ethical obligation, consistent with Rule 1940.4(b), during the mediation to screen for abuse and to terminate the mediation in the event he or she determines that the abuse renders the case unsuitable for mediation.

 (c)  Following the orientation session and with the consent of the parties, the court may refer the parties to mediation. The mediation may address any issues agreed to by the parties unless limited by court order.

Rule 1940.4. Minimum Qualifications of the Mediator.
 (a)  A mediator must have at least the following qualifications:

   (1)  a bachelor’s degree and practical experience in law, psychiatry, psychology, counseling, family therapy or any comparable behavioral or social science field;

   (2)  successful completion of basic training in domestic and family violence or child abuse and a divorce and custody mediation program approved by the Association for Conflict Resolution, American Bar Association, American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers, or Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts;

   (3)  mediation professional liability insurance; and

   (4)  additional mediation training consisting of a minimum of 4 mediated cases totaling 10 hours under the supervision of a mediator who has complied with subdivisions (1) through (3) above and is approved by the court to supervise other mediators.

 (b)  The mediator shall comply with the ethical standards of the mediator profession as well as those of his or her primary profession and complete at least 20 hours of continuing education every two years in topics related to family mediation.

 (c)  A post-graduate student enrolled in a state or federally accredited educational institution in the disciplines of law, psychiatry, psychology, counseling, family therapy or any comparable behavioral or social science field may mediate with direct and actual supervision by a qualified mediator.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1940.4 amended July 21, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 4107. Immediately preceeding text appears at serial page (270832).

Rule 1940.5. Duties of the Mediator. Role of the Mediator.
 (a)  As part of the orientation session, the mediator must inform the parties in writing of the following:

   (1)  the costs of mediation;

   Official Note

   Pa.R.C.P. No. 240 sets forth the procedures for obtaining leave to proceed in forma pauperis when the parties do not have the financial resources to pay the costs of litigation. This rule applies to court-connected mediation services as well, so that parties without sufficient resources may file a petition seeking a waiver or reduction of the costs of mediation.

   (2)  the process of mediation;

   (3)  that the mediator does not represent either or both of the parties;

   (4)  the nature and extent of any relationships with the parties and any personal, financial, or other interests that could result in a bias or conflict of interest;

   (5)  that mediation is not a substitute for the benefit of independent legal advice; and

   (6)  that the parties should obtain legal assistance for drafting any agreement or for reviewing any agreement drafted by the other party.

 (b)  When mediating a custody dispute, the mediator shall ensure that the parties consider fully the best interests of the child or children.

 (c)  With the consent of the parties, the mediator may meet with the parties’ children or invite other persons to participate in the mediation.

 (d)  The role of the mediator is to assist the parties in identifying the issues, reducing misunderstandings, clarifying priorities, exploring areas of compromise, and finding points of agreement.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1940.5 amended February 8, 2018, effective April 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 1095. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (377891).

Rule 1940.6. Termination of Mediation.
 (a)  Mediation shall terminate upon the earliest of the following circumstances to occur:

   (1)  a determination by the mediator that the parties are unable to reach a resolution regarding all of the issues subject to mediation;

   (2)  a determination by the mediator that the parties have reached a resolution regarding all of the issues subject to mediation;

   (3)  a determination by the mediator that the parties have reached a partial resolution and that further mediation will not resolve the remaining issues subject to mediation; or

   (4)  a determination by the mediator that the proceedings are inappropriate for mediation.

 (b)  If the parties reach a complete or partial resolution, the mediator shall, within 14 days, prepare and transmit to the parties a Memorandum of Understanding. At the request of a party, the mediator shall also transmit a copy of the Memorandum of Understanding to the party’s counsel.

 (c)  If no resolution is reached during mediation, the mediator shall, within 14 days, report this in writing to the court, without further explanation.

Rule 1940.7. Mediator Compensation.
 Mediators shall be compensated for their services at a rate to be established by each court.

Rule 1940.8. Sanctions.
 On its own motion or a party’s motion, the court may impose sanctions against any party or attorney who fails to comply or causes a party not to comply with these mediation rules. Sanctions may include an award of mediation costs and attorney fees, including those reasonably incurred in pursuing the sanctions.

   Official Note

   To the extent court orders are employed to direct parties regarding mediation, contempt proceedings may also be instituted to enforce these orders.

Rule 1940.9. Effective Date.
 These rules shall not affect any existing mediation program established in any judicial district pursuant to local rule prior to October 29, 1999. However, any changes or amendments to any existing program shall be consistent with these rules.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1940.9 adopted October 27, 2000, effective immediately, 30 Pa.B. 5837.
























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter1950/chap1950toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 1950. ACTIONS PURSUANT TO THE
PROTECTION OF VICTIMS OF SEXUAL
VIOLENCE OR INTIMIDATION ACT
Rule


1951.    Definitions.
1952.    Venue.
1953.    Commencement of Action.
1954.    Service of Original Process. Registration of Order. Service of Petition and Order. Fees.
1955.    Enforcement.
1956.    No Responsive Pleading Required.
1957.    Decision. Post-Trial Relief.
1958.    Discontinuance or Modification.
1959.    Forms for Use in Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation Actions. Notice and Hearing. Petition. Temporary Protection Order. Final Protection Order.
Source
   The provisons of this Chapter 1950 adopted June 29, 2015, effective July 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3802, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 1951. Definitions.
 As used in this chapter:

   the Act—Act of Mar. 21, 2014, P. L. 365, No. 25 relating to the protection of victims of sexual violence or intimidation, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  62A01—62A20.

   action—a proceeding for protection from sexual violence or intimidation as defined in §  62A03 of the Act.

   court—the court of common pleas.

   emergency order—an order entered by a hearing officer, who is a person satisfying the definition set forth in 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A03.

   fees—any fees or costs, including but not limited to the filing, issuance, registration, service or appeal of a protection action under the Act, including any foreign protection order.

   temporary order or temporary protection order—an ex parte order entered by the court pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A06(b).

   plaintiff—an individual who applies for a protection order, either for the benefit of that individual or on behalf of another individual.

   protection order or order—an order issued under the Act.

Rule 1952. Venue.
 (a)  An action for protection of victims of sexual violence or intimidation may be brought in a county where:

   (1)  the plaintiff resides, either temporarily or permanently;

   (2)  the plaintiff is employed;

   (3)  the defendant may be served; or

   (4)  the sexual violence or intimidation occurred.

 (b)  An action for indirect criminal contempt may be filed in, and heard by, the court in the county where the order was issued or the violation occurred.

Rule 1953. Commencement of Action.
 (a)  Except as provided in subdivision (b), an action shall be commenced by filing with the prothonotary a petition alleging the need for protection from the defendant with respect to sexual violence or intimidation. The petition shall be identical in content to the form set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1959(b) and shall have the Notice of Hearing and Order set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1959(a) as the first page(s).

 (b)  If an emergency order has been entered pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A09, an action shall be commenced by filing with the prothonotary the certified emergency order and any documentation in support.

 (c)  Any fees associated with this action shall not be charged to the plaintiff.

   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). This rule may require attorneys or unrepresented parties to file confidential documents and documents containing confidential information that are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1953 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (390158).

Rule 1954. Service of Original Process. Registration of Order. Service of Petition and Order. Fees.
 (a)  Service of the petition or certified emergency order, the notice and order scheduling the hearing and any temporary order in a protection of victims of sexual violence and intimidation action shall be in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.4 and consistent with the rules for service in protection from abuse matters.

 (b)  An Affidavit of Service, substantially in the form set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1959(d), shall be filed with the prothonotary.

 (c)  Within 24 hours of entry of a protection order under the Act, the prothonotary shall transmit a copy of the order to the Pennsylvania State Police Statewide Registry in the manner prescribed by the Pennsylvania State Police.

 (d)  If a petition alleges an act of sexual violence perpetrated on a minor child, the prothonotary shall serve a copy of the petition and any protection order entered under the Act to the Department of Human Services of the Commonwealth and the county children and youth social service agency in the jurisdiction where the order was entered.

 (e)  Within two business days of any protection order under the Act being entered, the prothonotary shall serve a copy of the order to the police department, sheriff and district attorney in the jurisdiction where the order was entered.

 (f)  No fee shall be charged to the plaintiff for service of any protection order or pleading or for the registration, filing and service of any foreign protection order.

Rule 1955. Enforcement.
 A plaintiff may file a private criminal complaint against a defendant alleging indirect criminal contempt for a violation of any provision of a protection order or agreement with the court, the Office of the District Attorney or the magisterial district judge in the jurisdiction or county where the violation occurred. However, in a county of the first class, a complaint may be filed only with the Family Division of the Court of Common Pleas or the Office of the District Attorney.

   Official Note

   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A13.

Rule 1956. No Responsive Pleading Required.
 No pleading need be filed in response to the petition or the certified emergency order. All averments not admitted shall be deemed denied.

Rule 1957. Decision. Post-Trial Relief.
 (a)  The decision of the court may consist of only general findings of sexual violence and/or intimidation, but shall dispose of all claims for relief. The court’s final order shall be rendered identical in content to the form set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1959(e).

 (b)  No motion for post-trial relief may be filed to the final order.

Rule 1958. Discontinuance or Modification.
 (a)  In cases in which a temporary protection order has not yet been granted or has been denied, a plaintiff in a protection of victims of sexual violence or intimidation action, who wishes to discontinue the action, may file a praecipe to discontinue, pursuant to Pa.R.C.P. No. 229, prior to the final order hearing. The plaintiff also may request the discontinuance by oral motion at a hearing.

 (b)  In cases in which a temporary protection order has been granted, a plaintiff who wishes to vacate the temporary order and discontinue the action shall either file a petition with the court prior to the final order hearing or make the request by oral motion at the final order hearing.

 (c)  If either party seeks a modification after a final protection order has been entered, the party shall petition the court to modify the final order. Modification may be ordered after the filing and service of the petition and a hearing on the petition pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A17.

Rule 1959. Forms for Use in Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation Actions. Notice and Hearing. Petition. Temporary Protection Order. Final Protection Order.
 (a)  The Notice of Hearing and Order required by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1953 shall be identical in content to the following form:

 


(Caption)

NOTICE OF HEARING AND ORDER
 YOU HAVE BEEN SUED IN COURT. If you wish to defend against the claims set forth in the following papers, you must appear at the hearing scheduled herein. If you fail to appear, the case may proceed against you and a FINAL order may be entered against you granting the relief requested in the petition.

 A hearing on the matter is scheduled for the

day of
, 20
at
.m. in Courtroom
at
Courthouse,
, Pennsylvania.
 If a temporary protection order has been entered, you MUST obey the order until it is modified or terminated by the court after notice and a hearing. If you disobey that order, the police or sheriff may arrest you. A violation of this order may subject you to a charge of indirect criminal contempt. A violation may also subject you to prosecution and criminal penalties under the Pennsylvania Crimes Code. Under 18 U.S.C. §  2265, an order entered by the court may be enforceable in all fifty (50) States, the District of Columbia, Tribal Lands, U.S. Territories and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. If you travel outside of the state and intentionally violate this order, you may be subject to federal criminal proceedings under the Violence Against Women Act, 18 U.S.C. §  2262.

 YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS PAPER TO YOUR LAWYER IMMEDIATELY. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO HAVE A LAWYER REPRESENT YOU AT THE HEARING. THE COURT WILL NOT, HOWEVER, APPOINT A LAWYER FOR YOU. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER, GO TO OR CALL THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER. IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO HIRE A LAWYER, THIS OFFICE MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT AGENCIES THAT MAY OFFER LEGAL SERVICES TO ELIGIBLE PERSONS AT A REDUCED FEE OR NO FEE. IF YOU CANNOT FIND A LAWYER, YOU MAY HAVE TO PROCEED WITHOUT ONE.

County Lawyer Referral Service
(insert Street Address)
(insert City, State, and ZIP)
(insert Phone Number)

AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990
 The Court of Common Pleas of

County is required by law to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. For information about accessible facilities and reasonable accommodations available to disabled individuals having business before the court, please contact our office. All arrangements must be made at least 72 hours prior to any hearing or business before the court. You must attend the scheduled conference or hearing.
 BY THE COURT:

 


 Judge
 


 Date
 (b)  The petition in an action filed pursuant to the Act shall be identical in content to the following form:

(Caption)

PETITION FOR PROTECTION OF VICTIMS OF
 SEXUAL VIOLENCE  SEXUAL VIOLENCE AGAINST A MINOR CHILD  INTIMIDATION
 1. Plaintiff:

 


 First        Middle        Last Name
 Plaintiff’s Address:

  Plaintiff’s address is confidential pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A11.

 Plaintiff’s Date of Birth:

 I am filing this petition on behalf of  myself or  another person.

 If you checked ‘‘myself,’’ please answer all questions referring to yourself as ‘‘Plaintiff.’’ If you checked ‘‘another person,’’ please answer all questions referring to that person as ‘‘Plaintiff,’’ and provide your name and address below.

 Name:

 Address:

 If you checked ‘‘another person,’’ indicate your relationship to the plaintiff:

 

 2. Defendant:

 


 First          Middle          Last Name
 Defendant’s Address:

 

 


DEFENDANT IDENTIFIERS
DOB		HEIGHT	
SEX		WEIGHT	
RACE		EYES	
HAIR	
SSN	
DRIVERS LICENSE #	
EXP DATE		STATE	
 3. Name(s) of other designated person(s) under 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A07(b)(1):

   

 4. Is there a relationship between Plaintiff and Defendant?

. If yes, what is the relationship?
   

 5. Have Plaintiff and Defendant been involved in any other legal proceedings? If so, state when and where the case was filed and the court docket number, if known:

   

   

 6. Has Defendant been involved in any criminal proceedings?

   

 If you answered Yes, is Defendant currently on probation or parole?

   

 7. (a) The facts of the most recent incident of sexual violence are as follows:

 Approximate Date:

 Approximate Time:

 Place:

 Describe in detail what happened, including any physical or sexual abuse, threats, injury, incidents of stalking, medical treatment sought, and/or calls to law enforcement (attach additional sheets of paper if necessary):

   

   

   

 (b)  The facts of the most recent incident of intimidation are as follows:

 Approximate Date:

 Approximate Time:

 Place:

 Describe in detail what happened, including medical treatment sought, and/or calls to law enforcement (attach additional sheets of paper if necessary):

   

   

   

 8. If Defendant has committed prior acts of sexual violence or intimidation against Plaintiff, describe these prior incidents, and indicate approximately when such acts occurred (attach additional sheets of paper if necessary):

   

   

   

 9. Identify the sheriff, police department, or other law enforcement agency in the area in which Plaintiff lives that should be provided with a copy of the protection order:

   

 10. Is Plaintiff in immediate and present danger from Defendant? If so, please describe:

   

 FOR THE REASONS SET FORTH ABOVE, I REQUEST THAT THE COURT ENTER A TEMPORARY ORDER AND, AFTER A HEARING, A FINAL ORDER THAT WOULD INCLUDE ALL OF THE FOLLOWING RELIEF (CHECK ALL FORMS OF RELIEF REQUESTED):

  A. Restrain Defendant from having any contact with the victim, including, but not limited to, entering the victim’s residence, place of employment, business, or school.

  B. Prohibit indirect contact through third parties.

  C. Prohibit direct or indirect contact with other designated persons.

  D. Order Defendant to pay the fees of this action.

  E. Order the following additional relief, not listed above:

 

 

 

 

  F. Grant such other relief as the court deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, issuing an order under 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A11(b) related to the non-disclosure of the victim’s address, telephone number, whereabouts or other demographic information.

  G. Order the police, sheriff or other law enforcement agency to serve the Defendant with a copy of this petition, any order issued, and the order for the hearing. Plaintiff will inform the designated authority of any addresses, other than Defendant’s residence, where Defendant can be served.

VERIFICATION
 I verify that the statements made in this petition are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

 


 Signature
 


 Date
   Official Note

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 1930.1(b). This rule may require attorneys or unrepresented parties to file confidential documents and documents containing confidential information that are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania.

 (c)  The Temporary Order of Court, or any continued, amended or modified Temporary Order of Court, entered pursuant to the Act shall be identical in content to the following form:

(Caption)

TEMPORARY ORDER FOR PROTECTION OF VICTIMS OF
 SEXUAL VIOLENCE  SEXUAL VIOLENCE AGAINST A MINOR CHILD  INTIMIDATION
 Plaintiff:

 


 First          Middle          Last Name
 Plaintiff’s address:

  Plaintiff’s address is confidential pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A11.

 Defendant:

 


 First          Middle          Last Name
 Defendant’s Address:


 

 


DEFENDANT IDENTIFIERS
DOB		HEIGHT	
SEX		WEIGHT	
RACE		EYES	
HAIR	
SSN	
DRIVERS LICENSE #	
EXP DATE		STATE	
 AND NOW, this

day of
, 20
, upon consideration of the attached Petition for Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation, the court hereby enters the following Temporary Order:
  Plaintiff’s request for a Temporary Protection Order is denied.

  Plaintiff’s request for a Temporary Protection Order is granted.

 1. The following person is protected under this order:

   

 2. Defendant is:

  A. Restrained from having any contact with the victim, including, but not limited to, entering the victim’s residence, place of employment, business, or school.

  B. Prohibited from indirect contact with the victim through third parties.

  C. Prohibited from direct or indirect contact with the following designated persons:

   

  3. Additional relief, including, but not limited to, issuing an order under 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A11(b) related to the non-disclosure of the victim’s address, telephone number, whereabouts or other demographic information:

   

   

   

   

  4. A certified copy of this order shall be provided to the sheriff or police department where Plaintiff resides and any other agency specified (insert name of agency):

   

  5. THIS ORDER SUPERSEDES ANY PRIOR PROTECTION OF VICTIMS OF SEXUAL VIOLENCE OR INTIMIDATION ORDER OBTAINED BY THE SAME PLAINTIFF AGAINST THE SAME DEFENDANT.

 6. THIS ORDER APPLIES IMMEDIATELY TO THE DEFENDANT AND SHALL REMAIN IN EFFECT UNTIL

(insert expiration date) OR UNTIL OTHERWISE MODIFIED OR TERMINATED BY THIS COURT AFTER NOTICE AND A HEARING.
NOTICE TO THE DEFENDANT
 Defendant is hereby notified that violation of this order may result in arrest for indirect criminal contempt. Under 18 U.S.C. §  2265, an order entered by the court may be enforceable in all fifty (50) States, the District of Columbia, Tribal Lands, U.S. Territories and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. If you travel outside of the state and intentionally violate this order, you may be subject to federal criminal proceedings under the Violence Against Women Act, 18 U.S.C. §  2262. Consent of Plaintiff shall not invalidate this order, which can only be changed or modified through the filing of appropriate court papers for that purpose. 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A17. Defendant is further notified that violation of this order may subject him/her to prosecution and criminal penalties under the Pennsylvania Crimes Code.

NOTICE TO SHERIFF, POLICE AND LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS
 The police department and sheriff who have jurisdiction over Plaintiff’s residence, the location where a violation of this order occurs, or where Defendant may be located, shall enforce this order. The court shall have jurisdiction over any indirect criminal contempt proceeding, either in the county where the violation occurred or where this protective order was entered. An arrest for violation of paragraphs 2 and 3 of this order may be without warrant, based solely on probable cause, whether or not the violation is committed in the presence of the police or any sheriff. 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A12.

 When Defendant is placed under arrest for violation of the order, Defendant shall be taken to the appropriate authority or authorities before whom Defendant is to be arraigned. A ‘‘Complaint for Indirect Criminal Contempt’’ shall then be completed and signed by the police officer, sheriff or Plaintiff. Plaintiff’s presence and signature are not required to file the complaint.

 If sufficient grounds for violation of this order are alleged: (1) Defendant shall be arraigned; (2) bond set, if appropriate; and (3) both parties shall be given notice of the date of the hearing.

 BY THE COURT:

 


 Judge
 


 Date
 (d)  The form of the Affidavit of Service in a proceeding under the Act shall be substantially in the following form:

(Caption)

AFFIDAVIT OF SERVICE
 I,

, the undersigned, hereby state that I served a copy of the Notice of Hearing and Order, Petition and Temporary Order in the above-captioned action upon Defendant by handing the papers to
   

 at the following address:

   

 on the

day of
, 20
, at approximately
o’clock
.m.
 I verify that the statements made in this Affidavit are true and correct. I understand that false statements herein are made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

 


 (Signature)
 


 (Title)
 


 (Address)
 


 (Date)
 THIS FORM MUST BE COMPLETED AND SIGNED BY THE PERSON WHO SERVES THE DEFENDANT WITH THE NOTICE OF HEARING AND ORDER, PETITION AND TEMPORARY ORDER. IT MUST BE FILED WITH THE PROTHONOTARY OR BROUGHT TO THE COURT ON THE HEARING DATE.

 (e)  The Final Order of Court, or any amended, modified or extended Final Order of Court, entered pursuant to the Act shall be identical in content to the following form:

(Caption)

FINAL ORDER FOR PROTECTION OF VICTIMS OF
 SEXUAL VIOLENCE  SEXUAL VIOLENCE AGAINST A MINOR CHILD  INTIMIDATION
 Plaintiff:

 


 First          Middle          Last Name
 Plaintiff’s address:

  Plaintiff’s address is confidential pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A11.

 Defendant:

 


 First          Middle          Last Name
 Defendant’s Address:

 


DEFENDANT IDENTIFIERS
DOB		HEIGHT	
SEX		WEIGHT	
RACE		EYES	
HAIR	
SSN	
DRIVERS LICENSE #	
EXP DATE		STATE	
 The court hereby finds that it has jurisdiction over the parties and the subject matter and that Defendant has been provided with reasonable notice and opportunity to be heard.

 Defendant was served in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. 1954(a) and provided notice of the time, date and location of the hearing scheduled in this matter.

 Order Effective Date:

 Order Expiration Date:
 AND NOW, this

day of
, 20
, upon consideration of the attached Petition for Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation, the court hereby enters the following Final Order:
 It is ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED as follows:

 This order is entered (check one)  by agreement;  by agreement without an admission;  after a hearing and decision by the court;  after a hearing at which Defendant was not present, despite proper service being made;  by default. Without regard as to how the order was entered, this is a final order of court subject to full enforcement pursuant to the Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation Act.

  Plaintiff’s request for a final protection order is denied.

 OR

  Plaintiff’s request for a final protection order is granted.

 1. The following person is protected under this order:

 

 2. Defendant is:

  A. Restrained from having any contact with the victim, including, but not limited to, entering the victim’s residence, place of employment, business or school.

  B. Prohibited from indirect contact with the victim through third parties.

  C. Prohibited from direct or indirect contact with the following designated persons:

   

  D. Ordered to pay the fees of this action.

  3. Additional relief, including, but not limited to, issuing an order under 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A11(b) related to the non-disclosure of the victim’s address, telephone number, whereabouts or other demographic information:

   

   

   

   

  4. Because this order followed a contested proceeding, or a hearing at which Defendant was not present, despite being served with a copy of the petition, temporary order and notice of the date, time and place of the hearing, Defendant is ordered to pay an additional $100 surcharge to the court, which shall be distributed in the manner set forth in 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A05(c.1).

  5. THIS ORDER SUPERSEDES ANY PRIOR PROTECTION OF VICTIMS OF SEXUAL VIOLENCE OR INTIMIDATION ORDER OBTAINED BY THE SAME PLAINTIFF AGAINST THE SAME DEFENDANT.

NOTICE TO THE DEFENDANT
 Defendant is hereby notified that violation of this order may result in arrest for indirect criminal contempt. Under 18 U.S.C. §  2265, an order entered by the court may be enforceable in all fifty (50) States, the District of Columbia, Tribal Lands, U.S. Territories and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. If you travel outside of the state and intentionally violate this order, you may be subject to federal criminal proceedings under the Violence Against Women Act, 18 U.S.C. §  2262. Consent of Plaintiff shall not invalidate this order, which can only be changed or modified through the filing of appropriate court papers for that purpose. 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A17. Defendant is further notified that violation of this order may subject him/her to prosecution and criminal penalties under the Pennsylvania Crimes Code.

NOTICE TO SHERIFF, POLICE AND LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS
 The police department and sheriff who have jurisdiction over Plaintiff’s residence, the location where a violation of this order occurs, or where Defendant may be located, shall enforce this order. The court shall have jurisdiction over any indirect criminal contempt proceeding, either in the county where the violation occurred or where this protective order was entered. An arrest for violation of paragraphs 2 and 3 of this order may be without warrant, based solely on probable cause, whether or not the violation is committed in the presence of the police or any sheriff. 42 Pa.C.S. §  62A12.

 When Defendant is placed under arrest for violation of the order, Defendant shall be taken to the appropriate authority or authorities before whom Defendant is to be arraigned. A ‘‘Complaint for Indirect Criminal Contempt’’ shall then be completed and signed by the police officer, sheriff or Plaintiff. Plaintiff’s presence and signature are not required to file the complaint.

 If sufficient grounds for violation of this order are alleged: (1) Defendant shall be arraigned; (2) bond set, if appropriate; and (3) both parties shall be given notice of the date of the hearing.

 BY THE COURT:

 


 Judge
 


 Date
 If a Final Order of Court is entered pursuant to the consent of the plaintiff and the defendant, both shall sign the order along with their counsel, if any:

 

  

 (Plaintiff’s signature)(Defendant’s signature)
 

  

 (Plaintiff’s attorney’s signature)(Defendant’s attorney’s signature)
   Official Note

   Pa.R.C.P. No. 1959(a), (b), (c), and (e) utilize the phrase ‘‘shall be identical in content’’ in reference to the form documents provided under those subparagraphs, which include the Notice of Hearing, the Petition for Protection of Victims of Sexual Violence or Intimidation, the Temporary Order, and the Final Order. In using ‘‘shall be identical in content’’ rather than the more usual phrase ‘‘shall be substantially in the following form,’’ the intent of the rule is to ensure only the relevant information and relief authorized under the Act is incorporated into any third-party generated form document while allowing for stylistic differences as to format and layout.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1959 amended October 27, 2016, effective in 60 days, 46 Pa.B. 7164; amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 477; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3520. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390160) to (390170).






















~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter2320/chap2320toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 2320. INTERVENTION
Rule


2326.    Definitions.
2327.    Who may intervene.
2328.    Petition to intervene.
2329.    Action of court on petition.
2330.    Practice.
2348.    Acts of Assembly not suspended.
2349.    Effective date; pending actions.
2350.    Suspension of Acts of Assembly.
Rule 2326. Definitions.
 

   As used in this chapter

   ‘‘action’’ means any civil action or proceeding brought in or appealed to any court of record which is subject to these rules.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2326 adopted June 7, 1940, effective February 3, 1941; amended January 4, 1952, effective July 1, 1952; amended December 16, 2003, effective July 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 9. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (257835).

Rule 2327. Who may intervene.
 At any time during the pendency of an action, a person not a party thereto shall be permitted to intervene therein, subject to these rules if

   (1)  the entry of a judgment in such action or the satisfaction of such judgment will impose any liability upon such person to indemnify in whole or in part the party against whom judgment may be entered; or

   (2)  such person is so situated as to be adversely affected by a distribution or other disposition of property in the custody of the court or of an officer thereof; or

   (3)  such person could have joined as an original party in the action or could have been joined therein; or

   (4)  the determination of such action may affect any legally enforceable interest of such person whether or not such person may be bound by a judgment in the action.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2327 adopted June 7, 1940, effective February 3, 1941; amended April 18, 1975, effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2274. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (190613).

Rule 2328. Petition to intervene.
 (a)  Application for leave to intervene shall be made by a petition in the form of and verified in the manner of a plaintiff’s initial pleading in a civil action, setting forth the ground on which intervention is sought and a statement of the relief or the defense which the petitioner desires to demand or assert. The petitioner shall attach to the petition a copy of any pleading which the petitioner will file in the action if permitted to intervene or shall state in the petition that the petitioner adopts by reference in whole or in part certain named pleadings or parts of pleadings already filed in the action.

 (b)  A copy of the petition shall be served upon each party to the action.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2328 adopted June 7, 1940, effective February 3, 1941; amended December 16, 1983, effective July 1, 1984, 13 Pa.B. 3999; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2274; amended December 16, 2003, effective July 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 9. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (257835) to (257836).

Rule 2329. Action of court on petition.
 Upon the filing of the petition and after hearing, of which due notice shall be given to all parties, the court, if the allegations of the petition have been established and are found to be sufficient, shall enter an order allowing intervention; but an application for intervention may be refused, if

   (1)  the claim or defense of the petitioner is not in subordination to and in recognition of the propriety of the action; or

   (2)  the interest of the petitioner is already adequately represented; or

   (3)  the petitioner has unduly delayed in making application for intervention or the intervention will unduly delay, embarrass or prejudice the trial or the adjudication of the rights of the parties.

   Official Note

   Adopted June 7, 1940. Effective February 3, 1941. Amended April 18, 1975. Effective Immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820.

Rule 2330. Practice.
 (a)  After the entry of an order allowing intervention, the intervener shall have all the rights and liabilities of a party to the action.

 (b)  Any party to the action may amend any pleading filed by the party to include any claim or defense available against an intervening party.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2330 adopted June 7, 1940, effective February 3, 1941; amended April 18, 1975; effective immediately, 5 Pa.B. 1820; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2274. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (190614).

Rule 2348. Acts of Assembly not suspended.
 These rules shall not be deemed to suspend or affect the following Acts of Assembly:

   (1)  Section 1 of the Act approved June 23, 1931, P. L. 1181, No. 321, 8 P. S. §  146.

   Official Note

   This section relates to the right to intervene in an action on a contractor’s bond.

   (2)  Section 4 of the Act approved December 20, 1983, P. L. 260, No. 72, 63 P. S. §  1604.

   Official Note

   This section relates to the rights of claimants to intervene in a suit on a bond of a public adjuster or public adjuster solicitor.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2348 adopted June 7, 1940, effective February 3, 1941; amended June 3, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 3010. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (87348).

Rule 2349. Effective date; pending actions.
 These rules shall become effective on the fifth day of February, 1941, and shall apply to actions pending at that time. Adopted June 7, 1940. Eff. Feb. 3, 1941.

Rule 2350. Suspension of Acts of Assembly.
 Section 12 of the Act approved May 16, 1923, P. L. 207, No. 153, 53 P. S. §  7181, insofar as it relates to intervention in proceedings to enforce municipal claims and tax liens, is suspended in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of 1968, Article V, Section 10(c).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2350 adopted June 7, 1940, effective February 3, 1941; amended June 3, 1994, effective July 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 3010. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (87350) and (15909) to (15912).























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter4000/chap4000toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 4000. DEPOSITIONS AND DISCOVERY
Rule


4001.    Scope. Definitions.
4002.    Agreement Regarding Discovery or Deposition Procedure.
4002.1.    Filing Discovery Material.
4003.    Right to Take Depositions. Notice. [Rescinded].
4003.1.    Scope of Discovery Generally. Opinions and Contentions.
4003.2.    Scope of Discovery. Insurance.
4003.3.    Scope of Discovery. Trial Preparation Material Generally.
4003.4.    Scope of Discovery. Trial Preparation Material. Statements.
4003.5.    Discovery of Expert Testimony. Trial Preparation Material.
4003.6.    Discovery of Treating Physician.
4003.7.    Punitive damages.
4003.8.    Pre-Complaint Discovery.
4004.    Procedure on Depositions by Written Interrogatories.
4005.    Written Interrogatories to a Party.
4006.    Answers to Written Interrogatories by a Party.
4007.    Discovery. Depositions. Scope of Examination. Notice. [Rescinded].
4007.1.    Procedure in Deposition by Oral Examination.
4007.2.    When Leave of Court Required.
4007.3.    Sequence and Timing of Discovery.
4007.4.    Supplementing Responses.
4008.    Oral Examination. Limitation.
4009.    Production of Documents and Things and Entry for Inspection and Other Purposes. [Rescinded].
PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS AND THINGS AND ENTRY FOR INSPECTION AND OTHER ACTIVITIES
PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS
AND THINGS
GENERAL PROVISIONS

4009.1.    Production of Documents and Things. General Provisions.
REQUEST UPON A PARTY

4009.11.    Request Upon a Party for Production of Documents and Things.
4009.12.    Answer to Request Upon a Party for Production of Documents and Things.
SUBPOENA UPON A PERSON NOT A PARTY

4009.21.    Subpoena Upon a Person Not a Party for Production of Documents and Things. Prior Notice. Objections.
4009.22.    Service of Subpoena.
4009.23.    Certificate of Compliance by a Person Not a Party. Notice of Documents or Things Received.
4009.24.    Notice of Intent to Serve Subpoena. Objection to Subpoena. Forms.
4009.25.    Certificate Prerequisite to Service of Subpoena. Form.
4009.26.    Subpoena to Produce Documents or Things. Form.
4009.27.    Certificate of Compliance. Form.
ENTRY UPON PROPERTY FOR INSPECTION AND
OTHER ACTIVITIES

4009.31.    Entry Upon Property for Inspection and Other Activities. General Provisions.
4009.32.    Request for Entry upon Property of a Party.
4009.33.    Motion for Entry Upon Property of a Person Not a Party.
4010.    Physical and Mental Examination of Persons.
4010.1.    Evaluation of Earning Capacity.
4011.    Limitation of Scope of Discovery.
4012.    Protective Orders.
4013.    Stay of Proceedings.
4014.    Request for Admission.
4015.    Persons Before Whom Depositions May be Taken.
4016.    Taking of Depositions. Objections.
4017.    Transcript of Testimony. Objections.
4017.1.    Video Depositions.
4018.    [Rescinded].
4019.    Sanctions.
4020.    Use of Depositions at Trial.
4023.    Acts of Assembly Not Suspended.
4024.    Effective Date. Pending Actions.
4025.    Abolition of Practice and Procedure under Repealed Statutes.
Explanatory Note
   The 1978 amendments to the Deposition and Discovery Rules represent the culmination of a continuing and comprehensive review of the operation of the 1950 Rules and of the Federal Discovery and Deposition Rules as completely revised in 1970.

   The Pennsylvania Rules have never been identical with the Federal Rules. From the beginning, it was felt that the differences between federal and state practice did not permit any such identity. Also, the difference in the amounts involved in federal cases and in state cases had an important effect twenty-five years ago. The 1970 federal revisions effected even wider differences, particularly in the discovery of reports, memoranda, statements or other things secured in anticipation of litigation or in preparation for trial.

   More than twenty-five years of experience and the general acceptance of the philosophy of discovery justify bringing the Pennsylvania system into as close conformity as possible with the federal system. The differences between state and federal practice still prevent absolute identity.

   The Federal Rules as last revised have been used as a model, but the Civil Procedural Rules Committee has not hesitated to depart from Federal language where it has acquired a questionable gloss or has received inconsistent interpretations in the courts.

   It was considered important to retain as far as possible the rule numbering and the internal arrangement of the Pennsylvania Rules. Since 1950, the Rules have been the subject of numerous decisions, commentary, and articles. Many of the Rules are left unchanged. The advantages of retaining the present Rule numbers as closely as possible far outweigh any benefits of a so-called ‘‘functional’’ rearrangement which would require a complete new numbering system.

   New material is introduced by the use of decimal numbering. Certain Rules have been subdivided, e.g., 4003.1, 4003.2, etc. This retains the numbering of Rules dealing with particular subject matter. Federal source material is identified in the detailed discussion of the amendments which follows.

   The amendments recognize that no effective system of discovery can be designed which is not subject to abuse, resulting in delay, expense and the burden on judges of disposing of dilatory motions, petitions and objections without real merit.

   The amendments have not ignored the recent criticisms directed to the federal discovery procedures, particularly the capacity for abusive discovery with its escalation of costs and delay of adjudication. Nor have they ignored the recent proposals of the American Bar Association’s Special Committee of the Section of Litigation. These proposals, even if ultimately adopted by the United States Supreme Court, would not appear to be of sufficient significance, in view of the differences between state and federal practice, to delay the promulgation of these amendments. If any of the proposals of the American Bar Association should ultimately be adopted as amendments to the Federal Rules and found appropriate to Pennsylvania practice, further amendments to these Rules can easily be made.

   Most of these problems can be avoided by self discipline of the bar and by more effective judicial administration. Sanctions are available for disobedience of an order compelling compliance with the Rules. Although there is an understandable reluctance on the part of bench and bar to request or to impose sanctions, particularly sanctions against counsel, it may be necessary to do so from time to time to make the system work. Also, assignment to an individual judge who would regulate the entire course of the discovery proceedings, especially in large and complex cases, could help prevent dilatory, burdensome or oppressive conduct. It will also serve to reduce the possibility of inconsistent rulings by different judges during the course of discovery. Frequent pre-trial conferences in complex cases should help.

   The final text of the amendments profited from the many valuable criticisms and suggestions which followed the circulation of Recommendation No. 44. All suggestions received from the bench and bar were reviewed by the Civil Procedural Rules Committee and many of them were incorporated in the amendments.

   Before proceeding to a detailed analysis of the amendments, a brief outline of some of the major changes may be helpful.

   First, the scope of discovery is broadened to conform closely to the Federal Rules. The scope of discovery under our 1950 Rules was limited to ‘‘any matter, not privileged, which is relevant to the subject matter involved in the action and will substantially aid in the preparation of the pleadings or the preparation or trial of the case.’’

   Under the Federal Rules, discovery may be obtained as to ‘‘any matter, not privileged, relevant to the subject matter’’ and it ‘‘is not ground for objection that the information sought’’ is not itself relevant if it ‘‘appears reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence.’’

   The amendments do not include the recent proposal of the American Bar Association’s Section of Litigation for an amendment to Fed. R. Civ.P. 26(b) to restrict discovery to matters ‘‘relevant to the issues’’ rather than ‘‘relevant to the subject matter.’’ It has been suggested that the proposal for amendment would prevent fishing expeditions. Adequate machinery already exists under both the Federal and our Rules to prevent such abuse. Further, the ABA proposal runs the risk of increasing preliminary disputes over the propriety of discovery, since the ‘‘issues’’ may not be subject to accurate definition until after discovery is complete.

   Second, Rule 4011(d), which has prohibited discovery of the existence or location of reports, memoranda, statements, information or other things made or secured in anticipation of litigation or in preparation for trial, has been rescinded.

   Trial preparation material, including statements of witnesses whether taken by a lawyer or investigator, will now be fully discoverable, except that the mental impressions of a party’s attorney or his conclusions, opinions, memoranda, notes or summaries, legal research or legal theories are protected from discovery. The representatives of a party other than the party’s attorney are protected from disclosure of mental impressions, conclusions or opinions respecting the value or merit of a claim or defense or respecting strategy or tactics.

   A witness will now be entitled, merely upon request, to receive a copy of his own statement from the party in possession of it, and a party will now be entitled to a copy of his own statement plus copies of all statements of all witnesses in the possession of an adverse party.

   Third, Rules 4011(f) which has regulated discovery of expert testimony has also been rescinded. In its place, Rule 4003.5 provides for discovery from expert witnesses and limits the use at trial of expert witnesses whose identity has been withheld or of testimony which is inconsistent with the disclosures in the discovery proceedings.

   Fourth, present Rule 4009 governing the production of documents and things and inspection of property is revised to conform to Fed. R.Civ.P. 34. A written request for production or inspection will now suffice; a court order is no longer required to initiate a production or inspection.

   Fifth, the burden of ascertaining the proper officers, agents or employees of large organizations to be deposed is substantially reduced. If the party seeking discovery discloses with reasonable particularity the matter on which he seeks to depose the witnesses, the organization is required to designate the officers, directors, agents or others who will testify as to those matters.

   Sixth, the burden of answering interrogatories requesting information to be derived or ascertained from the records of the answering party may be met by specifying the records which contain the information and offering the inquiring party reasonable opportunity to inspect and copy the same, if the burden of deriving the information from the records would be substantially the same for both parties. This enlarges the Federal Rule by making it applicable to all records; the Federal Rule applies only to ‘‘business’’ records.

   Seventh, the federal provisions for sequence and timing of discovery, not now dealt with in our prior Rules, are included in the amended Rules.

   Eighth, the scope of requests for admissions and interrogatories to parties is enlarged. They are no longer objectionable if they require an answer which involves an opinion or contention that relates to a fact or the application of law to fact. This follows the Federal Rule. The effect of failure to admit is clarified and pre-trial procedures for determining the extent of an admission are provided.

   Ninth, the use at trial of an oral deposition of a medical witness, other than a party, is broadened to permit its use whether or not the witness is available to testify. The prior practice permitted this only as to videotape depositions.

   Tenth, the time periods prescribed by the prior Rule for the doing of any act are revised to conform to those prescribed by the Federal Rules.

   Finally, the Rules are expressly made applicable to eminent domain proceedings. They are also applicable in divorce and in support and custody proceedings to the extent provided by the rules governing those proceedings.

   The details of the amendments follow.

   [Detailed notes follow their respective Rules.]

Rule 4001. Scope. Definitions.
 (a)  The rules of this chapter apply to any civil action or proceeding brought in or appealed to any court which is subject to these rules including any action pursuant to the Eminent Domain Code of 1964 or the Municipal Claims Act of 1923.

   Official Note

   Rule 1701(b)(4) of the Pennsylvania Rules of Appellate Procedure permits a lower court to authorize the taking of depositions or the preservation of testimony in the interest of justice after an appeal is taken. The procedure under these rules is applicable to such depositions.

   See Rule 1930.5 governing discovery in domestic relations matters and specifying when leave of court is and is not required. See also Rules 1910.9 and 1915.5(c) governing discovery in actions for support and custody, respectively.

 (b)  As used in this chapter, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise,

   ‘‘court’’ means the court in which the action is pending;

   ‘‘deposition’’ includes a deposition upon written

   ‘‘trial’’ includes a hearing before arbitrators or viewers.

   Official Note

   These rules apply to an action pending in the court of common pleas and referred to compulsory arbitration under Section 7361 of the Judicial Code, 42 Pa.C.S. §  7361.

 (c)  Subject to the provisions of this chapter, any party may take the testimony of any person, including a party, by deposition upon oral examination or written interrogatories for the purpose of discovery, or for preparation of pleadings, or for preparation or trial of a case, or for use at a hearing upon petition, motion or rule, or for any combination of the foregoing purposes.

   Official Note

   See Rule 4003.8 governing pre-complaint discovery.

 (d)  Subject to the provisions of this chapter, any party may obtain discovery by one or more of the following methods: depositions upon oral examination (Rule 4007.1) or written interrogatories (Rule 4004); written interrogatories to a party (Rule 4005); production of documents and things and entry for inspection and other purposes (Rule 4009); physical and mental examinations (Rule 4010); and requests for admission (Rule 4014).

   Official Note

   Under subdivision (d), for example, a party may discover documents and things in the possession of a person not a party by means of a subpoena duces tecum issued in connection with a deposition upon oral examination under Rule 4007.1, a subpoena for the production of documents and things under Rule 4009.21 et seq., and an independent action.

Explanatory Note
   The amendments to Rule 4001 are designed to achieve three principal purposes. First, to designate specifically the actions and proceedings subject to the Rules. Second, to designate the purposes of a deposition and of discovery. Third, to provide at the outset as does amended Fed. R.Civ.P. 26(a), a catalogue of the armory of discovery procedures available. (Rule 4001(d))

   Before the amendment, Rule 4001(a) stated a scope which included ‘‘any civil action or proceeding at law or in equity brought in or appealed to any court which is subject to these rules.’’ Taken literally, these words embrace every conceivable form of action. They are unchanged by these amendments. However, the application of the Rules to eminent domain and to divorce, custody and support proceedings was not uniform. The amendments clarify the application of the Rules to those proceedings.

   Viewers’ proceedings to assess damages in eminent domain actions were historically brought in the Courts of Quarter Sessions, which were courts not originally subject to the Rules of Civil Procedure. Even after the enactment of the Eminent Domain Code of 1963, vesting jurisdiction over eminent domain proceedings in the unified Common Pleas Court, Sec. 703(2) of the Eminent Domain Code provided only for limited discovery of experts’ valuation reports on appeal to the Common Pleas, provided they had not already testified before the viewers. The Code made no provision whatsoever for discovery for use in the initial proceedings before viewers. The viewers’ proceedings were the discovery proceedings. This often left litigants at a disadvantage before the viewers, in some cases leading to needless appeals.

   The amendment to Rule 4001(a) makes clear that the entire chapter of deposition and discovery proceedings applies at all stages of an eminent domain action.

   ‘‘Trial’’ is defined in Rule 4001(b) specifically to include proceedings before ‘‘viewers’’ and also ‘‘arbitrators.’’

   Control of the deposition and discovery procedure at the viewers’ and arbitrators’ stage will remain in the court. The viewers and arbitrators are not empowered to grant protective orders, impose sanctions or to take other action authorized by the Rules. The court in its order appointing viewers might consider establishing a cut-off date for completion of discovery so that the viewers’ hearings will not be unduly delayed. Or the viewers could set a cut-off date for hearing to afford opportunity for discovery.

   In the Orphans’ Court Division, Supreme Court Orphans’ Court Rule 3.6 provides that the local Orphans’ Courts by general rule or special order may prescribe the practice relating to depositions, discovery, production of documents, and perpetuation of testimony. To the extent not provided by general rule or special order, the Orphans’ Court Rule provides that the practice relating to such matters shall conform to the practice in the trial or civil division of the local Court of Common Pleas. As a result, some courts have adopted local rules which require leave of court in all Orphans’ Court Division cases. Others limit discovery in varying degrees. Others have adopted no local rules, thereby incorporating these Rules in toto. Under a unified court system and statewide practice, this lack of uniformity is undesirable. However, the Orphans’ Court Rules are independent and cannot be regulated by the Civil Procedural Rules.

   Where leave of court is required, application for leave is required in each individual proceeding. A local rule authorizing discovery in all cases without an individual application and a hearing would be inconsistent with the Rule. Further, it would be inconsistent with statewide practice and would permit non-uniformity of practice in the important area of discovery and depositions.

   Leave of court is further discussed in Rule 4007.2.

   The Committee considered but rejected the radical suggestion that all depositions and discovery, except depositions of aged, infirm, or going witnesses, should require leave of court. While this suggestion would undoubtedly limit the possibility of abusive discovery, it would add enormously to the burden on court and counsel. Multiple petitions, answers, briefs and hearings would be required in practically every case. This is unjustifiable. The courts, through protective orders and sanctions, should be able to control abuse of the discovery process. The limited use of leave of court in specific actions strikes a more equitable balance.

   Sub-divisions (c) and (d), which state the permissible purposes of depositions and discovery, and list the procedural devices available, effect no change. They consolidate stylistically the existing practice.

Explanatory Note—1999
   Rule of Civil Procedure 4001(a) was amended in 1997 to eliminate reference to discovery in the domestic relations actions of support, custody of minor children and divorce or annulment of marriage. Discovery in those actions is governed by Rule 1930.5.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4001 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended June 27, 1980, effective July 1, 1980, 10 Pa.B. 2957; amended December 27, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 26 Pa.B. 227; amended May 5, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 2732; amended March 19, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 1715; amended December 1, 1999, effective January 1, 2000, 29 Pa.B. 6327; amended December 16, 2003, effective July 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 9; amended September 20, 2007, effective November 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 5374. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (302589) to (302590) and (262135) to (262136).

Rule 4002. Agreement Regarding Discovery or Deposition Procedure.
 The parties may by agreement (1) provide that depositions may be taken before any person, at any time or place, upon any notice, and in any manner, and when so taken may be used like other depositions, and (2) modify the procedures provided by these rules for methods of discovery.

   Official Note

   See Rule 201 for advisability of writing.

Explanatory Note
   The amendments of this Rule make two changes in present practice.

   First, they enlarge the rights of the parties by permitting them to agree to modify the procedures for discovery as well as for the taking of depositions. This will be broader than Fed. R. Civ.P. 29 as amended in 1970. The Federal Rule requires court approval of any agreement to extend the time for responses in three instances during the discovery stage. The amendments to Rule 4002 do not incorporate this limitation. The need for leave of court to extend time may act as a spur to prompt responses but it must be balanced against the need for conservation of judicial manpower of already overburdened courts. Busy judges normally approve stipulations of counsel with respect to extra-judicial matters at the early stages of litigation. Little will be gained as a practical matter by requiring leave, and the need for hearing could actually accentuate delay. If one party agrees to give his opponent extra time to answer, why should the judge intervene and refuse?

   Second, the phrase ‘‘stipulate in writing’’ in the prior Rule is changed to read ‘‘by agreement.’’ This will validate the common practice during the taking of oral depositions of dictating various stipulations to the reporter for inclusion in the transcript. Technically such a stipulation is not an‘‘agreement in writing’’ within the meaning of the Business of the Court Rule 201 and is not an agreement ‘‘at bar’’ since no judge is present and the deposition is not taken in a courtroom.

   Counsel will be well advised to confirm such agreements in writing to avoid misunderstandings.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4002 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (16015).

Rule 4002.1. Filing Discovery Material.
 Discovery material shall not be filed unless relevant to a motion or other pretrial proceeding, ordered by the court or required by statute.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4002.1 adopted November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5338.

Rule 4003. Right to Take Depositions. Notice.
 [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   The subject matter of former Rule 4003 has been transferred to Rules 4001(c), 4007.1 and 4007.2.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4003 rescinded November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (16015).

Rule 4003.1. Scope of Discovery Generally. Opinions and Contentions.
 (a)  Subject to the provisions of Rules 4003.2 to 4003.5 inclusive and Rule 4011, a party may obtain discovery regarding any matter, not privileged, which is relevant to the subject matter involved in the pending action, whether it relates to the claim or defense of the party seeking discovery or to the claim or defense of any other party, including the existence, description, nature, content, custody, condition and location of any books, documents, or other tangible things and the identity and location of persons having knowledge of any discoverable matter.

 (b)  It is not ground for objection that the information sought will be inadmissible at the trial if the information sought appears reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence.

 (c)  Except as otherwise provided by these rules, it is not ground for objection that the information sought involves an opinion or contention that relates to a fact or the application of law to fact.

   Official Note

   Interrogatories that generally require the responding party to state the basis of particular claims, defenses or contentions made in pleadings or other documents should be used sparingly and, if used, should be designed to target claims, defenses or contentions that the propounding attorney reasonably suspects may be the proper subjects of early dismissal or resolution or, alternatively, to identify and to narrow the scope of claims, defenses and contentions made where the scope is unclear.

Explanatory Note
   Prior Rule 4003 has been deleted. It had embodied a number of disparate subjects, including the deposition of aged, infirm and going witnesses, the deposition of witnesses more than 100 miles from the courthouse, depositions for use at a hearing on a petition, motion or rule, and notice of depositions on oral examination. These subjects have been functionally rearranged and transposed to other Rules.

   Depositions of aged, going and infirm witnesses and witnesses more than 100 miles from the courthouse are now regulated by Rule 4007.2(b). The use of depositions at a hearing on petition, motion or rule is authorized by Rule 4001(c). Notice of depositions on oral examination is now regulated by Rule 4007.1.

   Under the prior practice, an argument might have been made that there was no sanction available against a party who refused to appear for a deposition for use in connection with a petition, motion or rule. The amendments preclude any such argument, since there is now a unified notice system for all oral depositions for all purposes. See Rules 4001(c), 4007.1 and 4019(a)(1).

   To use the place vacated by Rule 4003, new Rules 4003.1 through 4003.5 have been added. They deal with the scope of discovery. Rule 4003.1 delineates generally the scope of discovery. It is taken almost verbatim from Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(b).

   Rules 4003.2 through 4003.5 deal with specific aspects of the scope of discovery, such as discovery of insurance, discovery of trial preparation material generally, discovery of statements of parties or witnesses, and discovery of facts known and opinions held by experts. They are based closely on Fed. R.Civ.P. 26(b)(2), (3) and (4). Separate comment on each new Rule follows.

   Rule 4003.1 incorporates the broad Federal discovery rule and replaces former Rule 4007(a), which had provided a more limited scope of discovery. Rule 4007(a) limited discovery to any matter not privileged which is relevant to the subject matter involved in the action and ‘‘will substantially aid in the preparation of the pleadings or the preparation or trial of the case.’’ Fed. R.Civ.P. 26(b)(1), from which Rule 4003.1 is taken almost verbatim, permits discovery of all relevant matter not privileged, whether it relates to a claim or defense. It is not restricted to preparation of pleadings or the trial of the case. It is not ground for objection that the information sought will be inadmissible at the trial if the information sought appears reasonably calculated to lead to discovery of admissible evidence.

   Further widening of the scope of discovery follows from the deletion of former Rules 4011(d) and 4011(f), which restricted discovery of material prepared for trial or in anticipation of litigation and discovery of expert opinions. The effect of these omissions is discussed in the comments to Rules 4003.3, 4003.4 and 4003.5.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4003.1 adopted November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 11; amended April 8, 2008, effective July 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1814. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (209473) to (209474).

Rule 4003.2. Scope of Discovery. Insurance.
 A party may obtain discovery of the existence and terms of any insurance agreement under which any person carrying on an insurance business may be liable to satisfy part or all of a judgment which may be entered in the action or to indemnify or reimburse for payments made to satisfy the judgment. Information concerning the insurance agreement is not by reason of such disclosure admissible in evidence at trial. For the purposes of this paragraph, an application for insurance shall not be treated as part of an insurance agreement.

Explanatory Note
   Proposed Rule 4003.2 is taken almost verbatim from Fed. R.Civ.P. 26(b)(2). It codifies the decision of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court in Szarmack v. Welch, 456 Pa. 293, 318 A.2d 707 (1974), permitting discovery of insurance. It makes no change in present practice.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4003.2 adopted November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551.

Rule 4003.3. Scope of Discovery. Trial Preparation Material Generally.
 Subject to the provisions of Rules 4003.4 and 4003.5, a party may obtain discovery of any matter discoverable under Rule 4003.1 even though prepared in anticipation of litigation or trial by or for another party or by or for that other party’s representative, including his or her attorney, consultant, surety, indemnitor, insurer or agent. The discovery shall not include disclosure of the mental impressions of a party’s attorney or his or her conclusions, opinions, memoranda, notes or summaries, legal research or legal theories. With respect to the representative of a party other than the party’s attorney, discovery shall not include disclosure of his or her mental impressions, conclusions or opinions respecting the value or merit of a claim or defense or respecting strategy or tactics.

Explanatory Note
   The amended Rule radically changes the prior practice as to discovery of documents, reports and tangible things prepared in anticipation of litigation or for trial by or for another party or by or for that party’s representative, including his attorney, consultant, surety, indemnitor, insurer or agent.

   Former Rule 4011(d) expressly prohibited such discovery. The amended Rule permits it, subject to the limitation that discovery of the work product of an attorney may not include disclosure of the mental impressions, conclusions, opinions, memoranda, notes, legal research or legal theories of an attorney. As to any other representative of a party, it protects the representative’s disclosure of his mental impressions, conclusions or opinions respecting the value or merit of a claim or defense or respecting strategy or tactics. Memoranda or notes made by the representative are not protected.

   The essential purpose of the Rule is to keep the files of counsel free from examination by the opponent, insofar as they do not include written statements of witnesses, documents or property which belong to the client or third parties, or other matter which is not encompassed in the broad category of the ‘‘work product’’ of the lawyer. Documents, otherwise subject to discovery, cannot be immunized by depositing them in the lawyer’s file. The Rule is carefully drawn and means exactly what it says. It immunizes the lawyer’s mental impressions, conclusions, opinions, memoranda, notes, summaries, legal research and legal theories, nothing more.

   There are, however, situations under the Rule where the legal opinion of an attorney becomes a relevant issue in an action; for example, an action for malicious prosecution or abuse of process where the defense is based on a good faith reliance on a legal opinion of counsel. The opinion becomes a relevant piece of evidence for the defendant, upon which defendant will rely. The opinion, even though it may have been sought in anticipation of possible future litigation, is not protected against discovery. A defendant may not base his defense upon an opinion of counsel and at the same time claim that it is immune from pre-trial disclosure to the plaintiff.

   As to representatives of a party, and sometimes an attorney, there may be situations where his conclusions or opinion as to the value or merit of a claim, not discoverable in the original litigation, should be discoverable in subsequent litigation. For example, suit is brought against an insurance carrier for unreasonable refusal to settle, resulting in a judgment against the insured in an amount in excess of the insurance coverage. Here discovery and inspection should be permitted in camera where required to weed out protected material.

   In two respects the amended Rule differs materially from Fed. R.Civ.P. 26(b)(3). First, the Federal Rule permits discovery only when the party seeking discovery shows substantial need of the materials in the preparation of his case and is unable, without undue hardship, to obtain a substantial equivalent of the materials by other means. Under the general provisions of Rule 4003.3, such a showing of substantial need and undue hardship will not be required. Note, however, that under Rule 4003.5(a)(3), governing discovery of opinions of an expert who is not expected to be called as a witness at trial, a showing of exceptional circumstances under which it is impracticable to obtain facts or opinions on the subject matter by other means is required.

   The federal draftsmen have justified the special showing of need on the ground that ‘‘each side’s informal evaluation of its case should be protected, that each side should be encouraged to prepare independently, and that one side should not automatically have the benefit of the detailed preparatory work of the other side.’’ The Committee, after long and careful deliberation, rejected this view which would impose more court time on lawyers and additional burdens on judges in the motion court. At the same time it also rejected a proposal to go to the opposite extreme and direct the mandatory exchange of all pretrial material, statements, medical reports and experts’ reports under penalty of sanctions.

   Second, the work product protection of the Rule distinguishes between that afforded the attorney and that afforded the party’s representative. They are on an equal footing under the Federal Rules. The Committee viewed the work product privilege enunciated by the United States Supreme Court in Hickman v. Taylor, 329 U.S. 495, 67 S.Ct. 385, 91 L.Ed. 451 (1947), as stating a special rule applicable to lawyers which need not necessarily be the same as that applied to other representatives, particularly insurance investigators. Under the Rule, a lawyer’s notes or memoranda of an oral interview of a witness, who signs no written statement, are protected but the same notes or memoranda made by an insurance investigator will not be protected. A signed statement of the witness is, of course, always discoverable, no matter who took it or where it is filed.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4003.3 adopted November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (209475) to (209476).

Rule 4003.4. Scope of Discovery. Trial Preparation Material. Statements.
 Upon written request, a party is entitled to immediate receipt of a photostatic copy or like reproduction of a statement concerning the action or its subject matter previously made by that party, any other party or a witness. Upon written request, a person not a party is entitled to immediate receipt of a photostatic copy or like reproduction of a statement concerning the action or its subject matter previously made by that person. If the statement is not so provided, the party or person may move for a court order. For purposes of this rule, a statement previously made is

   (1)  a written statement signed or otherwise adopted or approved by the person making it, or

   (2)  a stenographic, mechanical, electrical or other recording, or a transcription thereof, which is a substantially verbatim recital of an oral statement by the person making it and contemporaneously recorded.

Explanatory Note
   Rule 4003.4 resolves a problem not covered in the prior practice, and which has troubled the courts. It provides that any party may, upon request, obtain from his opponent a copy of the party’s own statement or the statement of any witness in the possession of the opponent. Further, any witness may obtain a copy of his own statement upon request. If refused, the party or witness may move for a court order for compliance.

   The Rule differs markedly in scope from Fed. R.Civ.P. 26(b)(3). The Federal Rule permits a party to obtain only his own statement; the production of statements of witnesses obtained by an adverse party in anticipation of litigation or preparation for trial requires a showing of substantial need in the preparation of the inquiring party’s case and that he is unable without undue hardship to obtain a substantial equivalent of the materials by other means.

   There are no restrictions on the timing of the request. Under prior practice, some lower courts ruled that the statement of a party given to his opponent could be withheld until after the party had testified. Others held that the party could demand a copy of his statement before he testified. Some held that no witness could have a copy of his own statement because this would prevent a test of his veracity.

   The amended Rule does not deal with the substantive problem of admissibility in evidence or use of the statements. Their admissibility is governed by the rules of evidence.

   Two statutes are relevant. Section 7101 of the Judicial Code, 42 Pa.C.S. §  7101, prohibits the use of statements obtained from an injured person within fifteen days of admission to a hospital or sanitarium, unless he acknowledges before an independent notary public his willingness to give the statement.

   Likewise, the Peer Review Protection Act of 1974, 63 P. S. §  425.1 et seq., imposes restrictions on discovery and use of the proceedings and records of health care peer review organizations for the purpose of evaluating the quality of health care.

   The Rule covers all forms of statements, including signed statements, recordings and transcriptions.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4003.4 adopted November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551, amended December 14, 1979, effective January 5, 1980, 10 Pa.B. 34; amended December 27, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 26 Pa.B. 227. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (134399) to (134400).

Rule 4003.5. Discovery of Expert Testimony. Trial Preparation Material.
 (a)  Discovery of facts known and opinions held by an expert, otherwise discoverable under the provisions of Rule 4003.1 and acquired or developed in anticipation of litigation or for trial, may be obtained as follows:

   (1)  A party may through interrogatories require

     (A)   any other party to identify each person whom the other party expects to call as an expert witness at trial and to state the subject matter on which the expert is expected to testify and

     (B)   subject to the provisions of subdivision (a)(4), the other party to have each expert so identified state the substance of the facts and opinions to which the expert is expected to testify and a summary of the grounds for each opinion. The party answering the interrogatories may file as his or her answer a report of the expert or have the interrogatories answered by the expert. The answer or separate report shall be signed by the expert.

   (2)  Upon cause shown, the court may order further discovery by other means, subject to

     (A)   such restrictions as to scope and such provisions concerning fees and expenses as the court may deem appropriate, and

     (B)   the provisions of subdivision (a)(4) of this rule.

   (3)  A party may not discover facts known or opinions held by an expert who has been retained or specially employed by another party in anticipation of litigation or preparation for trial and who is not expected to be called as a witness at trial, except a medical expert as provided in Rule 4010(b) or except on order of court as to any other expert upon a showing of exceptional circumstances under which it is impracticable for the party seeking discovery to obtain facts or opinions on the same subject by other means, subject to such restrictions as to scope and such provisions concerning fees and expenses as the court may deem appropriate.

   Official Note

   For additional provisions governing the production of expert reports in medical professional liability actions, see Rule 1042.26 et seq. Nothing in Rule 1042.26 et seq. precludes the entry of a court order under this rule.

   (4)  A party may not discover the communications between another party’s attorney and any expert who is to be identified pursuant to subdivision (a)(1)(A) or from whom discovery is permitted under subdivision (a)(3) regardless of the form of the communications, except in circumstances that would warrant the disclosure of privileged communications under Pennsylvania law. This provision protects from discovery draft expert reports and any communications between another party’s attorney and experts relating to such drafts.

 (b)  An expert witness whose identity is not disclosed in compliance with subdivision (a)(1) of this rule shall not be permitted to testify on behalf of the defaulting party at the trial of the action. However, if the failure to disclose the identity of the witness is the result of extenuating circumstances beyond the control of the defaulting party, the court may grant a continuance or other appropriate relief.

 (c)  To the extent that the facts known or opinions held by an expert have been developed in discovery proceedings under subdivision (a)(1) or (2) of this rule, the direct testimony of the expert at the trial may not be inconsistent with or go beyond the fair scope of his or her testimony in the discovery proceedings as set forth in the deposition, answer to an interrogatory, separate report or supplement thereto. However, the expert shall not be prevented from testifying as to facts or opinions on matters on which the expert has not been interrogated in the discovery proceedings.

Explanatory Note
   Rule 4011(f), which had protected a deponent, whether or not a party, from giving an opinion as an expert witness over his objection, has been rescinded. Discovery of these matters is now permitted by Rule 4003.5, which closely parallels Fed. R.Civ.P. 26(b)(4).

   The Rule distinguishes carefully between an expert expected to be called as a witness and an expert not expected to be called.

   With respect to the expert expected to be called, discovery of facts known and opinions held by him, acquired or developed in anticipation of litigation or for trial, may be obtained as follows:

   (1) First, the inquirer can by interrogatories require his opponent to disclose the identity of expert witnesses he expects to call at trial. The opponent must not only identify such experts but also state the subject matter on which each is expected to testify.

   If a party, in his answer to interrogatories, states that he has not yet retained his experts, he is under a duty to supplement his answer as provided by Rule 4007.4(1). In addition, the inquirer may obtain a stipulation that the party will supplement his response or ask the court for an order under Rule 4007.4(3) requiring the party to file a supplemental response when such experts are retained.

   (2) In addition, the inquirer can require each expert to be called at the trial whose identity is disclosed to state the substance of the facts and opinion to which he will testify, and a summary of the grounds for his opinion. The answering party has the option of having the expert answer the interrogatories himself on this issue or prepare a separate report which the answering party may attach to his answers. The answer or separate report must be signed by the expert.

   (3) If the answering party or the expert does not fully comply with the foregoing, the court under subdivision (b) or (c) may exclude or limit the testimony of such expert if offered at the trial. Sanction Rule 4019(i) also provides an independent sanction, excluding the testimony of a witness whose identity has not been revealed, unless the trial court determines there are extenuating circumstances beyond the control of the defaulting party.

   (4) Supplemental oral questioning of the expert may be permitted only upon cause shown, and upon payment of such fees and expenses as the court may fix. The Rule specifically provides no fees and expenses to the expert for the time spent in preparing answers to interrogatories or his report. He will be entitled to fees and expenses only if the inquirer seeks further oral discovery after the answer or report has been filed.

   (5) It should be emphasized that Rule 4003.5 is not applicable to discovery and deposition procedure where a defendant is himself an expert, such as a physician, architect or other professional person, and the alleged improper exercise of his professional skills is involved in the action. Such a defendant can be examined by written interrogatories under Rule 4005 or by oral deposition under Rule 4007.1. If so examined, a defendant cannot assert that his opinion may not be discovered without his consent.

   (6) To prevent incomplete or ‘‘fudging’’ of reports which would fail to reveal fully the facts and opinions of the expert or his grounds therefor, subdivision (c) provides that an expert’s direct testimony at the trial may not be inconsistent with or go beyond the fair scope of his testimony as set forth in his deposition and answer to interrogatories, separate report or supplements thereto. However, he may testify to anything regarding matters in which he was never questioned in the discovery proceedings. This is a new provision not expressly found in the Federal Rule. It is implicit in the Federal Rule.

   Where the full scope of the expert’s testimony is presented in the answer to interrogatories or the separate report, as provided in subdivisions (a)(1) and (2), this will fix the permissible limits of his testimony at the trial. But, if the inquirer limits his inquiry to one or more specific issues only, the expert is free to testify at trial as to any other relevant issues not included in the discovery. Therefore, what happens at the trial may depend upon the manner in which the expert is interrogated. The inquirer may be well advised to conduct his discovery broadly, by paraphrasing the language of 4003.5(a), which will require the expert to state all his opinions and grounds, thus preventing surprise testimony at trial concerning grounds never raised during the discovery.

   All of the foregoing discussion relates to the expert expected to be called at the trial.

   If the expert is not expected to be called at the trial, the situation is quite different. The special procedures listed above will not be applicable. Under subdivision (a)(3) of the Rule, no discovery of such a witness is permitted, except discovery of a medical expert under Rule 4010(b) infra, unless there is an order of court. To obtain this order of court, the inquirer must prove ‘‘exceptional circumstances’’ under which there is no practical way to find the facts or opinions by some other means.

   Therefore, even if the inquirer knows the name of this expert, or knows that there is a report, he is forbidden to seek discovery of facts known or opinions held, unless he convinces the court that he must have the discovery. This is a heavy burden, which explains the small use of this provision under the Federal Rule. We can anticipate an equally small use in Pennsylvania.

   One instance would be where an object is given by a plaintiff to an expert for the defendant for testing and is destroyed in the testing. Then, if the defendant elects not to call that expert at the trial, the plaintiff must get his testimony since the object is destroyed.

   The Rule provides no special procedures in this instance. It is anticipated that ordinary discovery will suffice. If the inquirer does not know the name of the expert, he can ask for it by conventional interrogatory or oral deposition. If he knows there is a report, he can ask for it under Rule 4009.

   Another difference is that the court may require the inquirer to pay the expert for his fees and expenses in the discovery. In the case of the expert who is expected to be called at the trial, there is no such provision in subsections (a)(1) and (2).

   The Rule says nothing about the rare situation when the inquirer is an indigent party and cannot pay the expenses of the expert. Any such situation will have to be handled by the courts ad hoc, under the general principles of litigation in forma pauperis.

   This subdivision is not intended, as pointed out by the federal draftsmen, to permit discovery of experts who may have been informally consulted by a party. Finally, it applies only to experts ‘‘retained or specially employed.’’ A regular employe of a party who may have collected facts, prepared reports and rendered opinions, and who may be qualified as an expert, is not covered by this sub-section and has no immunity from discovery, simply because the party elects not to call him at the trial. He is not an ‘‘expert’’ within the meaning of the Rule; he is simply a witness, an employe of a party.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4003.5 adopted November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281; amended March 29, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 1926; amended July 10, 2014, effective August 9, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 4996. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (303597) to (303600).

Rule 4003.6. Discovery of Treating Physician.
 Information may be obtained from the treating physician of a party only upon written consent of that party or through a method of discovery authorized by this chapter. This rule shall not prevent an attorney from obtaining information from:

   (1)  the attorney’s client,

   (2)  an employee of the attorney’s client, or

   (3)  an ostensible employee of the attorney’s client.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4003.6 adopted April 29, 1991, effective July 1, 1991, 21 Pa.B. 2337.

Rule 4003.7. Punitive damages.
 A party may obtain information concerning the wealth of a defendant in a claim for punitive damages only upon order of court setting forth appropriate restrictions as to the time of the discovery, the scope of the discovery, and the dissemination of the material discovered.

   Official Note

   Discovery may also proceed pursuant to the agreement of the parties. See Rule 4002.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4003.7 adopted August 11, 1997, effective December 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 4462.

Rule 4003.8. Pre-Complaint Discovery.
 (a) A plaintiff may obtain pre-complaint discovery where the information sought is material and necessary to the filing of the complaint and the discovery will not cause unreasonable annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, burden or expense to any person or party.

 (b) Upon a motion for protective order or other objection to a plaintiff’s pre-complaint discovery, the court may require the plaintiff to state with particularity how the discovery will materially advance the preparation of the complaint. In deciding the motion or other objection, the court shall weigh the importance of the discovery request against the burdens imposed on any person or party from whom the discovery is sought.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4003.8 adopted September 20, 2007, effective November 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 5374.

Rule 4004. Procedure on Depositions by Written Interrogatories.
 (a)(1)  A party taking a deposition by written interrogatories shall serve a copy of the interrogatories upon each party or the attorney of record of each party. Within thirty days thereafter the party so served may serve cross interrogatories upon each party or the attorney of record of each party. Subsequent interrogatories shall be similarly served within ten days.

   (2)  The interrogatories shall contain a notice stating the name or descriptive title and address of the officer before whom the deposition is to be taken, the time and place of taking the deposition and the name and address of each person to be examined if known, and, if the name is not known, a general description sufficient to identify each person to be examined or the particular class or group to which each person belongs. A deposition upon written interrogatories may be taken of a public or private corporation or a partnership or association or governmental agency in accordance with the provisions of Rule 4007.1(e).

 (b)  Objections to the form of interrogatories are waived unless filed and served upon the party propounding them within the time allowed for serving the succeeding cross or other interrogatories or within ten days after service of the last interrogatories. All other objections may be made at the trial except as otherwise provided by Rule 4016.

 (c)  A copy of all interrogatories for the taking of a deposition shall be transmitted to the person designated to take the deposition, who shall promptly give notice to the witness and thereafter propound the interrogatories to the witness and complete, certify and send the deposition by registered mail to the party taking the deposition, attaching thereto the copy of the interrogatories.

 (d)  When the deposition is received by the party taking the deposition, the party shall promptly give notice thereof to all other parties.

 (e)  After the service of interrogatories and prior to the taking of the testimony of the deponent, the court in which the action is pending, on motion promptly made by a party or a deponent, may make an order in accordance with Rule 4012, or an order that the deposition shall not be taken before the officer designated in the notice, or that it not be taken except upon oral examination.

Explanatory Note
   The amendments make two major changes in the prior practice. First, in subdivision (a) the time period for filing cross-interrogatories is extended from ten days to thirty days and the time period for filing redirect interrogatories is extended from five days to ten days. These time periods follow the Federal Rules. In subdivision (b) the time period for filing objections to the form of interrogatories is extended from five days to ten days.

   Second, subdivision (a) is further amended by adding a new subparagraph (2) providing for a notice identifying the officer, the time and place, and the name and address of each witness. If a name is unknown, it is sufficient to identify the witness or the particular class or group to which he belongs. This was previously permitted only as to notice of oral depositions under Rule 4007(c) and written interrogatories to a party under Rule 4005(a). It was not permitted as to written interrogatories to a witness under Rule 4004.

   This new subparagraph (2) also incorporates by reference the provisions of new Rule 4007.1(e). This follows Fed. R.Civ.P. 30(b)(6) and 31(a) and permits a party to name a corporation, partnership, association, or governmental agency as the deponent and to designate the matter on which the opponent requests examination. The organization is then required to name one or more of its officers, directors, or managing agents, or other person who consents to appear as the person to be examined. If a person who has knowledge of the facts is not an officer, director or managing agent but is an employe and he refuses his consent, discovery may be used to ascertain his identity and he may thereafter be subpoenaed to appear.

   As stated by the draftsmen of the amendments to the Federal Rules, these provisions reduce the difficulties previously encountered in determining, prior to the submission of written interrogatories or the taking of a deposition, the identity of the proper person to testify. The provision will avoid the necessity of deposing large numbers of officers, directors, agents or others, only to find in turn that they have no knowledge, or incomplete knowledge, of the information sought.

   Present subdivisions (c), (d) and (e) of this Rule remain unchanged.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4004 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5338; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (234015) and (209481) to (209482).

Rule 4005. Written Interrogatories to a Party.
 (a)  Subject to the limitations provided by Rule 4011, any party may serve upon any other party written interrogatories to be answered by the party served or, if the party served is a public or private corporation or similar entity or a partnership or association, by any officer or agent, who shall furnish such information as is available to the party. Interrogatories may be served upon any party at the time of service of the original process or at any time thereafter. Interrogatories which are to be served prior to service of the complaint shall be limited to the purpose of preparing a complaint and shall contain a brief statement of the nature of the cause of action. Interrogatories shall be prepared in such fashion that sufficient space is provided immediately after each interrogatory or subsection thereof for insertion of the answer or objection.

   Official Note

   Rule 440 requires the party serving interrogatories upon any other party to serve a copy upon every party to the action.

   Interrogatories that generally require the responding party to state the basis of particular claims, defenses or contentions made in pleadings or other documents should be used sparingly and, if used, should be designed to target claims, defenses or contentions that the propounding attorney reasonably suspects may be the proper subjects of early dismissal or resolution or, alternatively, to identify and to narrow the scope of claims, defenses and contentions made where the scope is unclear.

   See Rule 4003.8 governing pre-complaint discovery.

 (b)  Rescinded.

   Official Note

   The subject matter governed by former Rule 4005(b) has been transferred to Rule 4006(a).

 (c)  Interrogatories may relate to any matters which can be inquired into under Rules 4003.1 through 4003.5 inclusive and the answers may be used to the same extent as provided in Rule 4020 for the use of the deposition of a party. Interrogatories may be served after a deposition has been taken, and a deposition may be taken after interrogatories have been answered, but the court, on motion of the party interrogated, may make such protective order as justice requires. The number of interrogatories or of sets of interrogatories to be served may be limited as justice requires to protect the party from unreasonable annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, burden or expense.

Explanatory Note
   The amendments to Rule 4005 make a number of stylistic changes, and three important changes of substance.

   First, the word ‘‘adverse’’ has been deleted to permit interrogatories to be addressed to any other party to the action, whether or not adverse to the inquiring party. This is the same change which was made in Fed. R. Civ.P. 33 in 1970. The amendment clarifies the right to file interrogatories to additional defendants or co-defendants. Some lower court decisions held that additional defendants were not adverse parties and that interrogatories must be addressed to them as witnesses. Similarly, an additional defendant could not be compelled to respond to requests for admission under Rule 4014 since that likewise was restricted to adverse parties.

   In a marked departure from the prior practice, amended Rules 4005 and 4006 require that the interrogatories and the answers thereto be contained in one document, with the answer immediately following the interrogatory to which it is responsive. Rule 4005 requires the inquiring party to leave sufficient space after each interrogatory for insertion of the answer. The original and two copies are served upon the answering party. The original is not filed until the answers have been inserted and the document signed and verified as provided by Rule 4006. It is recognized that in some cases it will be difficult to estimate the amount of space required for an answer. Rule 4006 provides that the answering party may continue his answer to an individual interrogatory on a supplemental sheet, identifying the number of the interrogatory to which it is responsive. Of course, the answering party may desire, as a matter of style, to retype the page rather than attach a supplemental sheet.

   The time restriction in the former Rule, requiring leave of court if the interrogatories are to be served within 20 days of the commencement of the action, has been eliminated. Interrogatories may be filed with the complaint or writ or at any time thereafter.

   Finally, the last sentence of subdivision (c), which does not appear in Fed. R. Civ.P. 33(b), permits the court to order a limitation upon the number of interrogatories or sets of interrogatories as justice requires to protect a party from unreasonable annoyance, expense, embarrassment or oppression. It is adapted from prior Rule 4005(c). Suggestions that the Rule specifically fix the number of interrogatories which can be submitted without leave of court was considered and rejected in favor of a more flexible limitation.

Explanatory Note—2008
   Civil Discovery Standard No. 8 of the American Bar Association (2004) establishes a guideline for the use of contention interrogatories. This standard has been added as a note to Rule 4003.1(c) governing discovery of opinions and contentions and as the second paragraph to the present note to Rule 4005(a) governing written interrogatories to a party.

   The rationale for the proposal is succinctly set forth in the Comment to Civil Discovery Standard No. 8:

   * * * Contention interrogatories, like all forms of discovery, can be susceptible to abuse. Among other things, they can be used as an attempt to tie up the opposing party rather than to obtain discovery. The legitimate purpose of contention interrogatories is to narrow the issues for trial, not to force the opposing side to marshal all its evidence on paper. * * *

   The potential for overreaching is particularly present when interrogatories seeking the detailed underpinnings of the opposing party’s allegations are served early in the case. Although, when used with discretion, interrogatories served near the outset of the case can be useful in narrowing the issues to define the scope of necessary discovery, contention interrogatories ordinarily are more appropriate after the bulk of discovery has already taken place. At that point, the party on whom the interrogatories are served should have the information necessary to give specific, useful responses. [Citations omitted.]

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4005 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended June 16, 1994, effective September 1, 1994, 24 Pa.B. 3217; amended September 20, 2007, effective November 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 5374; amended April 8, 2008, effective July 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1814. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (330306) to (330307).

Rule 4006. Answers to Written Interrogatories by a Party.
 (a)(1)  Answers to interrogatories shall be in writing and verified. The answers shall be inserted in the spaces provided in the interrogatories. If there is insufficient space to answer an interrogatory, the remainder of the answer shall follow on a supplemental sheet.

   (2)  Each interrogatory shall be answered fully and completely unless objected to, in which event the reasons for the objection shall be stated in lieu of an answer. The answers shall be signed by the person making them, and the objections shall be signed by the attorney making them. The statement of an objection shall not excuse the answering party from answering all remaining interrogatories to which no objection is stated. The answering party shall serve a copy of the answers, and objections if any, within thirty days after the service of the interrogatories. The party submitting the interrogatories may move the court to dismiss an objection and direct that the interrogatory be answered.

   Official Note

   Rule 440 requires the answering party to serve a copy of the answers upon every party to the action.

   (3)  [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   See Rule 4003.1 for the general scope of discovery.

 (b)  Where the answer to an interrogatory may be derived or ascertained from the records of the party upon whom the interrogatory has been served or from an examination, audit or inspection of that party’s records, or from a compilation, abstract or summary based thereon, and the burden of deriving or ascertaining the answer would be substantially the same for the party serving the interrogatory as for the party served, a sufficient answer to such an interrogatory shall be to specify the records from which the answer may be derived or ascertained and to afford the party serving the interrogatory reasonable opportunity to examine, audit or inspect those records and to obtain copies, compilations, abstracts or summaries.

Explanatory Note
   The prior Rule has been completely rewritten to incorporate substantial parts of Fed. R. Civ.P. 33 and to conform to Rule 4005.

   (1) The restriction in the prior Rule to ‘‘adverse’’ parties is deleted.

   (2) The answering party will respond to each interrogatory in the space provided. If the space is inadequate, he may retype the interrogatories or he may use a supplemental sheet for the remainder of his response.

   (3) The amendment requires the answering person to sign the answer and the attorney to sign any objections. This follows Fed. R. Civ.P. 33. Present practice provides only for signing the answer.

   (4) An interrogatory which is otherwise proper is not objectionable because the answer will require an opinion or the application of law to fact. This conforms to Fed. R. Civ.P. 33(b) and the rescission of former Rule 4011(f).

   (5) Subdivision (b) copies Fed. R. Civ.P. 33(c) by providing that, where the requested information may be derived or ascertained from a party’s records, he has an option to produce the records for inspection by the inquiring party rather than detailing the information in his answer.

   The amendment, however, goes beyond Fed. R. Civ.P. 33(c) by making the option applicable to all records. The Federal Rule restricts the option to ‘‘business’’ records. This expansion of the option to all records is not intended to give an answering party carte blanche to foist upon the inquiring party a jumble of personal records. The option can be used only where the burden would be substantially the same for both parties and never where it will be an undue burden on the inquiring party. The amendment also goes beyond the Federal Rule in requiring the inquiring party who has made compilations, abstracts or summaries from the records to furnish a copy to the party who has produced the records. This will help facilitate agreements as to their accuracy for use at trial and prevent surprise.

   (6) The time periods for answer are extended to 30 days after service of the interrogatories to conform to the time period of the Federal Rule.

   (7) Under the amendment, as under the Federal Rule, the statement of an objection will not excuse the answering party from answering all remaining interrogatories to which no objection is stated.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4006 amended October 16, 1981, effective October 16, 1981, 11 Pa.B. 3687; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5338; amended December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 11; amended April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (209483) to (209485).

Rule 4007. Discovery. Depositions. Scope of Examination. Notice.
 [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   The subject matter of former Rule 4007 has been transferred to Rules 4001(c), 4003.1, 4007.1 and 4007.2.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4007 rescinded November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (16017) and (16018).

Rule 4007.1. Procedure in Deposition by Oral Examination.
 (a)  General Rule. A party desiring to take the deposition of any person upon oral examination shall give reasonable notice in writing to every other party to the action, except that no notice need be given a defendant who was served by publication and has not appeared in the action. A party noticed to be deposed shall be required to appear without subpoena.

 (b)  General Notice Requirements. The notice shall:

   (1)  conform with the requirements of subdivision (c) of this rule and Rule 4007.2(b) and (c), if appropriate;

   (2)  state the time and place of taking the deposition; and

   (3)  state the name and address of each person to be examined if known, or, if the name is not known, a general description sufficient to identify the deponent or the particular class or group to which the deponent belongs.

 (c)  Notice Requirements for Deposition in Pre-Complaint Discovery. The purpose of the deposition and matters to be inquired into need not be stated in the notice unless the action has been commenced by writ of summons and the plaintiff desires to take the deposition of any person upon oral examination for the purpose of preparing a complaint. In such case, the notice shall include a brief statement of the nature of the cause of action and of the matters to be inquired into.

 (d)  Additional Notice Requirements on Party or Witness.

   (1)  If the person to be examined is a party, the notice may include a request made in compliance with Rule 4009.1 et seq., for the production of documents and tangible things at the taking of the deposition.

   (2)  If the person to be examined is not a party, and is to be served with a subpoena duces tecum to produce designated materials, the notice shall specify the materials to be produced. The materials shall be produced at the deposition and not earlier, except upon the consent of all parties to the action.

 (e)  Notice to Public or Private Corporations, Partnerships, Associations, or Governmental Agencies.

   (1)  In the notice or an issued subpoena, a party may:

     (i)   name as the deponent a public or private corporation, a partnership, an association, or a governmental agency; and

     (ii)   describe with reasonable particularity the matters to be inquired into and the materials to be produced.

   (2)  Any organization named pursuant to subdivision (e)(1)(i):

     (i)   shall serve a designation of one or more officers, directors, managing agents, or other persons who consent to testify on its behalf; and

     (ii)   may set forth for each designated person the matters on which each person will testify.

   (3)  A subpoena shall advise a non-party organization of its duty to make such a designation. The designated person or persons shall testify as to matters known or reasonably available to the organization.

   (4)  Subdivision (e) does not preclude taking a deposition by any other procedure authorized in these rules.

Comment:
   Regarding subdivision (b), the court upon cause shown may make a protective order with respect to the time and place of taking the deposition. See Pa.R.Civ.P. 4012.

   Regarding subdivision (c), see Pa.R.Civ.P. 4003.8 governing pre-complaint discovery.

   See the Uniform Interstate Depositions and Discovery Act, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  5331 et seq., for the issuance of a foreign subpoena from outside the Commonwealth.

Historical Commentary
   The following commentary is historical in nature and represents statements of the Committee at the time of rulemaking:

Explanatory Comment—1978
   Former Rule 4007 has been rescinded. The subject matter of former subdivision (a), dealing with the scope of discovery, has been enlarged and transposed to Rule 4003.1, supra. The provisions of former subdivision (b), dealing with the requirement of leave of court, have been transposed to Rule 4007.2. The provisions of former subdivision (c), dealing with notice, are enlarged in Rule 4007.1. The provisions of former subdivision (d)(1), authorizing local option rules for the content of the notice, are deleted and all local rules under former subdivision (d) will be invalid. The provisions of former subdivision (d)(2) for the filing of objections are deleted. A protective order under Rule 4012 is available.

   In place of former Rule 4007 are new Rule 4007.1, which prescribes the procedure in deposition by oral examination, Rule 4007.2, which prescribes when leave of court is required, and Rules 4007.3 and 4007.4, which govern the sequence and timing of discovery and supplementary responses, subjects not previously governed by the Rules. These new Rules will be commented on separately.

   Subdivisions (a) and (b) repeat the substance of former Rule 4007(c). A provision has been added to make it clear that a party noticed to be deposed need not be subpoenaed. The notice is sufficient to support subsequent sanction procedures under Rule 4019 for failure to appear.

   Subdivision (c) is new. It provides that the purpose of the deposition and the matters to be inquired into need not be stated in the notice, except in the relatively infrequent case where the action has been commenced by a writ of summons and the plaintiff desires to take a deposition upon oral examination for the purpose of preparing a complaint. In this situation the inquirer must provide a brief statement of the nature of the cause of action and of the matters to be inquired into. The reason for the Rule is obvious. The party who has not yet been served with a complaint may in some instances not be aware of the nature of the action and thus be totally unprepared to submit to oral examination.

   Subdivision (d) clarifies the practice for the production of documents in connection with an oral deposition. Under it, a simple request to a party to produce documents is sufficient. No subpoena is needed. But if the person examined is a witness and not a party, a subpoena duces tecum to produce specified materials and documents must be served.

   Subdivision (e) is adapted, almost verbatim, from Fed.R.Civ.P. 30(b)(6). It provides, as an optional alternative to other forms of discovery, that the notice may name as a deponent a public or private corporation or a partnership or association or governmental agency. In this situation, however, the notice must describe with reasonable particularity the matters to be inquired into and the materials to be produced. The organization, if it is a party, is then required to serve on the inquirer a designation of the officers, directors, managing agents or other persons who will testify on its behalf. The purpose of the Rule is to avoid the wholesale subpoenaing of named directors, officers, and others where the inquirer does not know the identity of the exact person or persons who will be able to testify as to the requested information.

   If it develops that the designated persons reveal others whose testimony may be relevant, they can also be deposed. The procedure is not exclusive and the inquirer may resort to any other method of discovery and subpoena available.

   The reference to the ‘‘consent to testify’’ is limited to persons other than officers, directors or managing agents. The latter may not frustrate the discovery by declining to testify; their position requires them to testify. A subordinate employe is not in the same position and the organization cannot designate such a subordinate employe unless it certifies that he will testify.

Explanatory Comment—1998
   Section 5326 of the Judicial Code, 42 Pa.C.S. §  5326, relating to ‘‘Assistance to tribunals and litigants outside this Commonwealth with respect to depositions’’ provides:

   

  (a) General Rule.—A court of record of this Commonwealth may order a person who is domiciled or is found within this Commonwealth to give his testimony or statement or to produce documents or other things for use in a matter pending in a tribunal outside this Commonwealth. . . .

   New subdivision (f) of Rule 4007.1 responds to the concern that there should be a limitation upon the county from which an order may be sought so that the person who is the subject of the order is not put to unreasonable expense or burden. A resident of Erie should not have to travel to Easton to object to an order obtained in connection with litigation outside the Commonwealth.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4007.1 adopted November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 9 Pa.B. 3551; amended April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921; amended August 4, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 4175; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281; amended September 20, 2007, effective November 1, 2007, 27 Pa.B. 5374; amended January 8, 2025, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 661. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (420483) to (420484) and (330311).

Rule 4007.2. When Leave of Court Required.
 (a)  Except as provided by Rules 1042.5 and 4003.5(a)(2) and by subdivisions (b) and (d) of this rule, a deposition may be taken without leave of court.

   Official Note

   Rule 1042.5 governs discovery in a professional liability action prior to the filing of a certificate of merit.

   See Rule 1930.5(a) providing that there shall be no discovery in specified domestic relations matters unless authorized by the court. See also Rules 1910.9 and 1915.5(c) governing discovery in actions for support and custody, respectively.

 (b)  Leave of court must be obtained if a plaintiff’s notice schedules the taking of a deposition prior to the expiration of thirty days after service of the original process and the defendant has not served a notice of taking a deposition or otherwise sought discovery, unless the party or person to be examined is

   (1)  aged or infirm, or

   (2)  about to leave the county in which the action is pending for a place outside the Commonwealth or a place more than one hundred miles from the courthouse in which the action is pending.

 (c)  If the plaintiff proceeds under subdivision (b)(1) or (2) of this rule the notice of taking the deposition shall set forth the facts which support taking it without leave of court. The plaintiff’s attorney shall sign the notice and this signature shall constitute a certification that to the best of the attorney’s knowledge, information and belief the statement of facts is true.

   Official Note

   The court upon cause shown may make a protective order with respect to the time and place of taking the deposition. See Rule 4012.

 (d)  The deposition of a person confined in prison may be taken only by leave of court on such terms as the court prescribes.

Explanatory Note
   This Rule consolidates in one Rule various provisions for leave of court which are now scattered through the prior Rules. It substantially follows present practice.

   Rule 4003.5(a)(2), incorporated by reference, requires leave of court for further examination of experts whose opinions or reports have already been disclosed in response to the interrogatories.

   Leave of court will also be required, under subdivision (d), to take the deposition of a person confined in prison. This follows the practice under prior Rule 4007(b).

   Subdivision (b) states a general rule that leave of court is required where a plaintiff seeks to take an oral deposition prior to the expiration of 30 days after service of original process, if the defendant has not within such period sought discovery or noticed a deposition of his own. This is adapted from prior Rule 4007(b) with an extension of the time from 20 to 30 days.

   However, subdivision (b) contains a special exception for aged, infirm or going witnesses. This was not in prior Rule 4007. No leave of court is required if the plaintiff’s notice to take the deposition sets forth the facts respecting the witness and the notice is signed by the plaintiff’s attorney. This constitutes a certification by him that the statement is true to the best of his knowledge, information and belief. The court, however, upon cause shown may under Rule 4012, on motion of an objecting party, enter a protective order changing the time or place.

Explanatory Note—1999
   Rule 4007.2(a) has been amended to delete the reference to Rule 4001(a). Rule 4001(a) was amended in 1997 by the deletion of the reference to domestic relations actions, the rules of which formerly contained a broad prohibition against discovery except upon leave of court. That broad prohibition has now been narrowed and discovery is available to the extent provided by Rule 1930.5 governing discovery in domestic relations matters generally and Rules 1910.9 and 1915.5 governing discovery in the actions of support and custody, respectively. At the same time, those rules continue to require leave of court in specified instances.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4007.2 adopted November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended March 19, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 1715; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281; amended January 27, 2003, effective immediately, 33 Pa.B. 748. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (255403) to (255405).

Rule 4007.3. Sequence and Timing of Discovery.
 Unless the court upon motion, for the convenience of parties and witnesses and in the interests of justice, orders otherwise, methods of discovery may be used in any sequence and the fact that a party is conducting discovery, whether by deposition or otherwise, shall not operate to delay any other party’s discovery.

Explanatory Note
   Neither the Federal Rules, prior to their amendment in 1970, nor prior Rule 4007 dealt with this subject. Some courts held that a party who first gave notice obtained a priority which would prevent depositions or discovery by other parties until the first party had completed his own depositions and discovery. This led to a ‘‘race to the courthouse.’’ The proposed Rule, which is taken almost verbatim from Fed. R.Civ.P. 26(d), is designed to reverse these decisions.

   In principle, a party first initiating discovery gets no priority whatever. Nothing prevents other parties from proceeding simultaneously with their discovery.

   Further, all methods of discovery may be used in any sequence; for example, interrogatories may precede oral depositions, or oral depositions may be followed by interrogatories or requests for admissions or requests for production of documents.

   All this, however, is subject to the control of the court, which may enter special orders ‘‘for the convenience of parties and witnesses and in the interest of justice.’’

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4007.3 adopted November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551.

Rule 4007.4. Supplementing Responses.
 A party or an expert witness who has responded to a request for discovery with a response that was complete when made is under no duty to supplement the response to include information thereafter acquired, except as follows:

   (1)  A party is under a duty seasonably to supplement the response with respect to any question directly addressed to the identity and location of persons having knowledge of discoverable matters and the identity of each person expected to be called as an expert witness at trial, the subject matter on which each person is expected to testify and the substance of each person’s testimony as provided in Rule 4003.5(a)(1).

   (2)  A party or an expert witness is under a duty seasonably to amend a prior response if he or she obtains information upon the basis of which he or she knows

     (i)   the response was incorrect when made, or

     (ii)   the response though correct when made is no longer true.

   (3)  A duty to supplement responses may be imposed by order of the court, agreement of the parties, or at any time prior to trial through new requests to supplement prior responses.

Explanatory Note
   The prior Rules contained no provisions imposing any continuing obligation on an answering party to supplement his responses to interrogatories or oral depositions if he becomes aware of subsequent facts which make his prior answers incorrect when made or no longer true in the light of new circumstances.

   Rule 4007.4 is adapted from Fed. R.Civ.P. 26(e) to provide such an automatic obligation. The automatic obligation is limited to (a) disclosure by a party of the identity and location of additional persons having knowledge of discoverable facts and the identity of persons expected to be called at trial as expert witnesses, and (b) amendment of a prior answer if a party or expert witness obtains information on the basis of which he knows that the original response was incorrect, or, if correct when originally made, is no longer true. Additional obligations to supplement may be imposed by (1) an order of court; or (2) an agreement of the parties; or (3) supplemental interrogatories.

   Fed. R.Civ.P. 26(e) has not been adopted verbatim. It restricts the duty to cases where ‘‘the circumstances are such that a failure to amend the response is in substance a knowing concealment.’’ This limitation has been rejected. It would introduce collateral issues. The test in new Rule 4007.4 is whether the party or the expert witness knows that the response was incorrect or is no longer correct in the light of intervening events of which he has knowledge. If he knows this, he must correct the response. If he does not know it, he need do nothing. Whether a failure to correct it is a ‘‘knowing concealment’’ introduces a different issue.

   The Rule operates in several different ways as a practical matter.

   First, it is quite common, when an oral deposition is complete, for the inquirer to request, and obtain, an agreement from the opponent or from an expert witness to supplement the response within the scope of the Rule. This also can be accomplished by appropriate closing questions in interrogatories.

   Second, the inquirer, if such an agreement is refused, may move the court to enter an appropriate order.

   Third, the inquirer may, at any time, force a review of prior responses by filing supplementary interrogatories or noticing a supplementary oral examination to discover whether the respondent has become aware of any information which requires an amendment of any prior response.

   The Rule also expands the Federal Rule by including ‘‘a party or an expert witness’’; the Federal Rule includes ‘‘a party’’ only.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4007.4 adopted November 20, 1078, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (247872) to (247873) and (228825).

Rule 4008. Oral Examination. Limitation.
 If a deposition is to be taken by oral examination more than one hundred miles from the courthouse, the court upon motion may make an order requiring the payment of reasonable expenses, including attorney’s fees, as the court shall deem proper.

Explanatory Note
   This Rule remains unchanged.

   It applies only where a deposition is to be taken by oral examination more than 100 miles from the courthouse. It does not apply to other situations or to other forms of discovery. Other kinds of limitations are prescribed in Rule 4012, infra, which provides for protective orders in all forms of discovery, in Rule 4010(a) which provides for limitations of physical or mental examinations and Rule 4009(b)(2) which provides for objections to production of documents and things and entry for inspection.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4008 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (228825) to (228826).

Rule 4009. Production of Documents and Things and Entry for Inspection and Other Purposes. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; rescinded April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (209490 and (209491).

PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS AND THINGS AND ENTRY FOR INSPECTION AND OTHER ACTIVITIES
PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS AND THINGS
GENERAL PROVISIONS


Explanatory Comment—Electronically Stored Information
   A. No Importation of Federal Law

   Though the term ‘‘electronically stored information’’ is used in these rules, there is no intent to incorporate the federal jurisprudence surrounding the discovery of electronically stored information. The treatment of such issues is to be determined by traditional principles of proportionality under Pennsylvania law as discussed in further detail below.

   B. Proportionality Standard

   As with all other discovery, electronically stored information is governed by a proportionality standard in order that discovery obligations are consistent with the just, speedy and inexpensive determination and resolution of litigation disputes. The proportionality standard requires the court, within the framework of the purpose of discovery of giving each party the opportunity to prepare its case, to consider: (i) the nature and scope of the litigation, including the importance and complexity of the issues and the amounts at stake; (ii) the relevance of electronically stored information and its importance to the court’s adjudication in the given case; (iii) the cost, burden, and delay that may be imposed on the parties to deal with electronically stored information; (iv) the ease of producing electronically stored information and whether substantially similar information is available with less burden; and (v) any other factors relevant under the circumstances.

   C. Tools for Addressing Electronically Stored Information

   Parties and courts may consider tools such as electronic searching, sampling, cost sharing, and non-waiver agreements to fairly allocate discovery burdens and costs. When utilizing non-waiver agreements, parties may wish to incorporate those agreements into court orders to maximize protection vis-[agrave]-vis third parties. See, e.g., Fed. R. Evid. 502(c).

   D. Eliminating References to ‘‘Depositions’’

   The elimination of specific references to ‘‘depositions’’ in Rule 4011 is not intended to exclude depositions from the scope of this rule. The reference was eliminated because there was no reason to call out this one form of traditional discovery among many.

Rule 4009.1. Production of Documents and Things. General Provisions.
 (a)  Any party may serve a request upon a party pursuant to Rules 4009.11 and 4009.12 or a subpoena upon a person not a party pursuant to Rules 4009.21 through 4009.27 to produce and permit the requesting party, or someone acting on the party’s behalf, to inspect and copy any designated documents (including writings, drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, and electronically stored information), or to inspect, copy, test or sample any tangible things or electronically stored information, which constitute or contain matters within the scope of Rules 4003.1 through 4003.6 inclusive and which are in the possession, custody or control of the party or person upon whom the request or subpoena is served, and may do so one or more times.

 (b)  A party requesting electronically stored information may specify the format in which it is to be produced and a responding party or person not a party may object. If no format is specified by the requesting party, electronically stored information may be produced in the form in which it is ordinarily maintained or in a reasonably usable form.

   Official Note

   These rules do not prevent a court from entering an order under its common law power preserving or protecting a document or thing.

   Parties to an action and persons not parties but served with a subpoena or request pursuant to these rules have the protective and enforcement provisions of the discovery rules available to them. See Rule 4012 governing protective orders and Rule 4019 governing enforcement and sanctions for failure to make discovery.

   The remedy of a protective order is available to the party to whom a request is directed to prevent abuse.

   These rules do not preclude (1) the issuance under Rule 234.1 et seq. of a subpoena or request for the production of documents or things at a deposition pursuant to Rule 4007.1(d) or (2) an independent action against a person not a party for production of documents or things.

   For additional provisions governing the production of expert reports in medical professional liability actions, see Rule 1042.26 et seq.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.1 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921; amended March 29, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 1926; amended June 6, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3574. Immediately preceeding text appears at serial pages (255407) to (255408) and (303601).

REQUEST UPON A PARTY

Rule 4009.11. Request Upon a Party for Production of Documents and Things.
 (a)  The request may be served without leave of court upon the plaintiff after commencement of the action and upon any other party with or after service of the original process upon that party.

 (b)  The request shall set forth in numbered paragraphs the items to be produced either by individual item or by category, and describe each item or category with reasonable particularity. Each paragraph shall seek only a single item or a single category of items. The request shall be prepared in such fashion that sufficient space is provided immediately after each paragraph for insertion of the answer.

   Official Note

   A request seeking electronically stored information should be as specific as possible. Limitations as to time and scope are favored, as are agreements between the parties on production formats and other issues.

   See also Rule 4009.1 generally regarding electronically stored information.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.11 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921; amended June 6, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3574. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (303601).

Rule 4009.12. Answer to Request Upon a Party for Production of Documents and Things.
 (a)  The party upon whom the request is served shall within thirty days after the service of the request

   (1)  serve an answer including objections to each numbered paragraph in the request, and

   (2)  produce or make available to the party submitting the request those documents and things described in the request to which there is no objection.

     (i)   Where the documents may be identified only after review of a larger group of documents, and the burden of identifying the documents would be substantially the same for the party serving the request as for the party served, the party served may afford the party serving the request reasonable opportunity to identify the documents, to examine or inspect them and to obtain copies.

 (b)  The answer shall be in the form of a paragraph-by-paragraph response which shall

   (1)  identify all documents or things produced or made available;

   (2)  identify all documents or things not produced or made available because of the objection that they are not within the scope of permissible discovery under Rule 4003.2 through Rule 4003.6 inclusive and Rule 4011(c). Documents or things not produced shall be identified with reasonable particularity together with the basis for non-production;

   (3)  specify a larger group of documents or things from which the documents or things to be produced or made available may be identified as provided by subdivision (a)(2)(i);

   (4)  object to the request on the grounds set forth in Rule 4011(a), (b), and (e) or on the ground that the request does not meet the requirements of Rule 4009.11;

   (5)  state that after reasonable investigation, it has been determined that there are no documents responsive to the request.

   Official Note

   The party who is requested to produce documents or things is encouraged to identify the documents or things produced and the documents or things withheld through a system of numbering. The party producing the documents and things and the party receiving them are encouraged to keep a current list of the documents and things produced and withheld based on the numbering system. This procedure will assist the court in resolving disputes arising out of production of documents.

   Ordinarily, each page of a document should receive a separate number. However, a document may be assigned a number as a whole if it is bound or if it contains pages which are sequentially numbered.

   The court may require numbering.

 (c)  The answer shall be signed and verified by the party making it and signed also by the attorney making an objection if one is set forth.

 (d)  If a request if reasonably susceptible to one construction under which documents sought to be produced are within the scope of the request and another construction under which the documents are outside the scope of the request, the answering party shall either produce the documents or identify with reasonable particularity the documents not produced together with the basis for non-production.

   Official Note

   See Rule 4009.1 regarding electronically stored information.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.12 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921; amended June 6, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3574. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (303601) to (303602).

SUBPOENA UPON A PERSON NOT A PARTY

Rule 4009.21. Subpoena Upon a Person Not a Party for Production of Documents and Things. Prior Notice. Objections.
 (a)  A party seeking production from a person not a party to the action shall give written notice to every other party of the intent to serve a subpoena at least twenty days before the date of service. A copy of the subpoena proposed to be served shall be attached to the notice.

   Official Note

   For the form of the written notice, see Rule 4009.24(a).

   These rules do not preclude (1) the issuance under Rule 234.1 et. seq. of a subpoena or request for the production of documents or things at a deposition pursuant to Rule 4007.1(d) or (2) an independent action against a person not a party for production of documents or things.

 (b)  The written notice shall not be given to the person named in the subpoena.

 (c)  Any party may object to the subpoena by filing of record written objections and serving a copy of the objections upon every other party to the action.

   Official Note

   For the form of the objections, see Rule 4009.24(b).

   The requirement of filing with the prothonotary the objections under this rule and the certificate under Rule 4009.23(a) provides a more formal procedure for the participation of a person not a party in the discovery process.

 (d)(1)  If objections are received by the party intending to serve the subpoena prior to its service, the subpoena shall not be served. The court upon motion shall rule upon the objections and enter an appropriate order.

   Official Note

   Subdivision (a) of this rule provides a twenty-day notice period during which a subpoena may not be served.

   (2)  If objections are not received as provided in paragraph (1), the subpoena may be served subject to the right of any party or interested person to seek a protective order.

   Official Note

   Rule 4009.22(a) requires the filing of a certificate as a prerequisite to service.

   See Rule 4009.1 regarding electronically stored information.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.21 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921; amended August 4, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 28 Pa.B. 4175; amended June 6, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3574. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (303602) and (247877).

Rule 4009.22. Service of Subpoena.
 (a)  The party seeking production may serve on the person named in the subpoena a copy of the subpoena only if it is identical to the subpoena attached to the notice of intent to serve the subpoena and if the party seeking production has filed of record a certificate that

   (1)  the notice of intent to serve a subpoena was mailed or delivered to each party at least twenty days prior to the date on which the subpoena is sought to be served,

   (2)  a copy of the notice of intent, including the proposed subpoena attached to the notice of intent, is attached to the certificate,

   (3)  no objection to the subpoena has been received, and

   (4)  the subpoena which will be served is identical to the subpoena which is attached to the notice of intent to serve the subpoena.

   Official Note

   For the form of the certificate, see Rule 4009.25.

   The twenty-day advance notice is for the benefit of the parties and not the person served. The twenty-day notice period may be waived and the certificate modified accordingly.

 (b)  The subpoena shall be issued as provided by Rule 234.2(a) and shall be served in the manner provided by Rule 234.2(b).

   Official Note

   Rule 234.2(a) governs the issuance by the prothonotary of a subpoena to testify. Rule 234.2(b) governs service of a subpoena to testify.

   For the form of a subpoena to produce, see Rule 4009.26.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.22 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921; amended April 20, 1998, effective July 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 2026. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (228829) to (228830).

Rule 4009.23. Certificate of Compliance by a Person Not a Party. Notice of Documents or Things Received.
 (a)  The person not a party upon whom the subpoena has been served shall, in complying with the subpoena, execute a certificate of compliance and deliver it with the documents or things produced to the party serving the subpoena within twenty days of service. A form of certificate to be executed and delivered shall be served with the subpoena.

   Official Note

   For the form of the certificate of compliance, see Rule 4009.27.

   The requirement of filing with the prothonotary the certificate under this rule and the objections under Rule 4009.21(c) provides a more formal procedure for the participation of a person not a party in the discovery process.

 (b)  The party receiving documents and things pursuant to the subpoena shall give notice of receipt to every other party to the action and upon the payment of reasonable cost shall

   (1)  furnish a legible copy of each document to any other party who requests a copy and

   (2)  allow reasonable access to the things to any other party who requests access.

   Official Note

   See Rule 4009.1 regarding electronically stored information.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.23 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921; amended June 6, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3574. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (247878).

Rule 4009.24. Notice of Intent to Serve Subpoena. Objection to Subpoena. Forms.
 (a)  The written notice of intent to serve a subpoena required by Rule 4009.21(a) shall be substantially in the following form:

(CAPTION)

 NOTICE OF INTENT TO SERVE A SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE
DOCUMENTS AND THINGS FOR DISCOVERY PURSUANT
TO RULE 4009.21

 

(party) intends to serve a subpoena identical to the one that is attached to this notice. You have twenty (20) days from the date listed below in which to file of record and serve upon the undersigned an objection to the subpoena. If no objection is made, the subpoena may be served.
   Date: 

…
Attorney for
 (b)  The objection to subpoena required by Rule 4009.21(c) shall be substantially in the following form:

 (CAPTION)

 OBJECTIONS TO SUBPOENA PURSUANT TO RULE 4009.21

 

(party) objects to the proposed subpoena that is attached to these objections for the following reasons:
.
   Date: 

…
Attorney for

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.24 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921.

Rule 4009.25. Certificate Prerequisite to Service of Subpoena. Form.
 The certificate required by Rule 4009.22(a) as a prerequisite to the service of a subpoena shall be substantially in the following form:

 (CAPTION)

 CERTIFICATE
PREREQUISITE TO SERVICE OF A SUBPOENA
PURSUANT TO RULE 4009.22

 As a prerequisite to service of a subpoena for documents and things pursuant to Rule 4009.22,

certifies that (Plaintiff/Defendant)
   (1)  a notice of intent to serve the subpoena with a copy of the subpoena attached thereto was mailed or delivered to each party at least twenty days prior to the date on which the subpoena is sought to be served,

   (2)  a copy of the notice of intent, including the proposed subpoena, is attached to this certificate,

   (3)  no objection to the subpoena has been received, and

   (4)  the subpoena which will be served is identical to the subpoena which is attached to the notice of intent to serve the subpoena.

   Date: 

…
Attorney for

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.25 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921.

Rule 4009.26. Subpoena to Produce Documents or Things. Form.
 A subpoena to produce documents or things shall be substantially in the following form:

   (CAPTION)

   SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS OR THINGS FOR
DISCOVERY PURSUANT TO RULE 4009.22

 TO: 

(Name of Person or Entity)
 Within twenty (20) days after service of this subpoena, you are ordered by the court to produce the following documents or things:

at
. (Address)
 You may deliver or mail legible copies of the documents or produce things requested by this subpoena, together with the certificate of compliance, to the party making this request at the address listed above. You have the right to seek in advance the reasonable cost of preparing the copies or producing the things sought.

 If you fail to produce the documents or things required by this subpoena within twenty (20) days after its service, the party serving this subpoena may seek a court order compelling you to comply with it.

 This subpoena was issued at the request of the following person:

 


Attorney’s Name

Identification Number

Address

Telephone Number
Attorney for

 BY THE COURT:

 DATE: 

 By
(Prothonotary) Seal of the Court
Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.26 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921.

Rule 4009.27. Certificate of Compliance. Form.
 The certificate of compliance required by Rule 4009.23(a) shall be substantially in the following form:

 (CAPTION)

 NOTICE

 To

(Person Served with Subpoena):
 You are required to complete the following Certificate of Compliance when producing documents or things pursuant to the Subpoena.

   CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE
WITH SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS OR
THINGS PURSUANT TO RULE 4009.23

 I,

, (person served with subpoena) certify to the best of my knowledge, information and belief that all documents or things required to be produced pursuant to the subpoena issued on
(date of subpoena) have been produced.
 Date: 

… 
Person served with subpoena

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.27 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921.

ENTRY UPON PROPERTY FOR INSPECTION AND
OTHER ACTIVITIES

Rule 4009.31. Entry Upon Property for Inspection and Other Activities. General Provisions.
 Any party may serve a request upon a party pursuant to Rule 4009.32 or a motion upon a person not a party pursuant to Rule 4009.33 to permit entry upon designated property in the possession or control of the party or person upon whom the request is served for the purpose of inspecting and measuring, surveying, photographing, testing, or sampling the property or any designated object or operation thereon, within the scope of Rules 4003.1 through 4003.6 inclusive.

   Official Note

   These rules do not prevent a court from entering an order under its common law power preserving or protecting property.

   Parties to an action and persons not parties but served with a subpoena or request pursuant to these rules have the protective and enforcement provisions of the discovery rules available to them. See Rule 4012 governing protective orders and Rule 4019 governing enforcement and sanctions for failure to make discovery.

   These rules do not preclude an independent action against a person not a party for permission to enter upon property.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.31 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921.

Rule 4009.32. Request for Entry upon Property of a Party.
 (a)  The request may, without leave of court, be served upon the plaintiff after commencement of the action and upon any other party with or after service of the original process upon that party. The request shall describe with reasonable particularity the property to be entered and the activities to be performed.

 (b)  The party upon whom the request is served shall allow the requested entry unless the request is objected to within thirty days after service of the request, in which event the reasons for objection shall be stated. If objection is made to part of a request, the part shall be specified. The party submitting the request may move for an order under Rule 4019(a) with respect to any objection to or failure to respond to the request or any part thereof, or any failure to permit entry as requested.

 (c)  A party may enter upon property one or more times to accomplish the activities set forth in the request.

   Official Note

   The remedy of a protective order is available to the party to whom the request is directed to prevent abuse.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.32 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921.

Rule 4009.33. Motion for Entry Upon Property of a Person Not a Party.
 (a)  A motion to permit entry upon property of a person not a party shall begin with the notice prescribed by subdivision (c) and shall describe with reasonable particularity the property to be entered and the activities to be performed. The motion shall be served personally by an adult in the same manner as original process. A copy of the motion shall also be served upon all other parties to the action pursuant to Rule 440.

   Official Note

   For general provisions governing entry upon property, see Rule 4009.31.

 (b)  If the person served does not affirmatively consent to the entry, the motion may be presented to the court. The moving party shall give the person served not less than fifteen days notice of the presentation of the motion. Upon proof of service of the notice of the presentation, the court, as it deems appropriate, may enter an order permitting or denying the entry or set a date for a hearing. The order permitting entry shall specify a reasonable time, manner or other condition of entry and of making the inspection and performing any related acts.

 (c)  The notice required by subdivision (a) shall be substantially in the following form:

   (CAPTION)

   IMPORTANT NOTICE

 YOU HAVE PROPERTY WHICH THE PARTIES TO THE ABOVE LAWSUIT WISH TO ENTER FOR INSPECTION OR OTHER ACTIVITIES. THE MOTION ATTACHED TO THIS NOTICE ASKS THE COURT FOR AN ORDER ALLOWING THE ENTRY INTO YOUR PROPERTY. IF YOU CONSENT TO THIS ENTRY PLEASE FILL IN THE ATTACHED FORM. PLEASE CONTACT THE ATTORNEY LISTED BELOW:

   


(Attorney filing the motion)

(Address)

(Telephone Number)
 IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THE ENTRY, YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO A HEARING ON THE MATTER. A DATE FOR PRESENTATION OF THE MOTION TO THE COURT WILL BE SET AND THE PARTY FILING THE MOTION WILL GIVE YOU FIFTEEN DAYS NOTICE OF ITS PRESENTATION. IF YOU DO NOT APPEAR AT THE PRESENTATION OF THE MOTION, THE COURT MAY ENTER AN ORDER ALLOWING ENTRY.

 YOU MAY WISH TO TAKE THIS NOTICE TO A LAWYER WHO CAN ADVISE YOU. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LAWYER AND WISH TO OBTAIN ONE, CONTACT THE OFFICE SET FORTH BELOW. THIS OFFICE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HIRING A LAWYER.


(Name of Office)

(Address of Office)

(Telephone Number)

   Official Note

   The office shall be that designated by the court under Rule 1018.1(c).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4009.33 adopted April 7, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1921; amended May 14, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2767; amended June 10, 2003, effective September 1, 2003, 33 Pa.B. 2974. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (256310) and (256311).

Rule 4010. Physical and Mental Examination of Persons.
 (a)(1)  As used in this rule, ‘‘examiner’’ means a licensed physician, licensed dentist or licensed psychologist.

   (2)(a)  When the mental or physical condition of a party, or of a person in the custody or under the legal control of a party, is in controversy, the court in which the action is pending may order the party to submit to a physical or mental examination by an examiner or to produce for examination the person in the party’s custody or legal control.

   Official Note

   The examination may include blood or genetic testing.

   (3)  The order may be made only on motion for good cause shown and upon notice to the person to be examined and to all parties and shall specify the time, place, manner, conditions and scope of the examination and the person or persons by whom it is to be made.

   (4)(i)  The person to be examined shall have the right to have counsel or other representative present during the examination. The examiner’s oral interrogation of the person to be examined shall be limited to matters specifically relevant to the scope of the examination.

   Official Note

   Ordinarily, the facts giving rise to liability are not germane to an examination and the information which the examiner seeks should be limited to facts of liability germane to the issue of damages.

     (ii)   Subdivision (a)(4)(i) shall not apply to actions for custody, partial custody and visitation of minor children.

   (5)(i)  The party who is being examined or who is producing for examination a person in the party’s custody or legal control may have made upon reasonable notice and at the party’s expense a stenographic or audio recording of the examination. Upon request and payment of reasonable cost, the party who caused the recording to be made shall provide each other party with a copy of the recording.

     (ii)   Subdivision (a)(5)(i) shall not apply to actions for custody, partial custody and visitation of minor children.

 (b)(1)  If requested by the party against whom an order is made under this rule or the person examined, the party causing the examination to be made shall deliver to the requesting party or person a copy of a detailed written report of the examiner setting out the examiner’s findings, including results of all tests made, diagnoses and conclusions, together with like reports of all earlier examinations of the same condition. After delivery the party causing the examination shall be entitled upon request to receive from the party against whom the order is made a like report of any examination, previously or thereafter made, of the same condition, unless, in the case of a report of examination of a person not a party, the party shows inability to obtain it. The court on motion may make an order against a party requiring delivery of a report on such terms as are just, and if an examiner fails or refuses to make a report the court shall exclude the examiner’s testimony if offered at the trial.

   (2)  By requesting and obtaining a report of the examination so ordered or by taking the deposition of the examiner, the party examined waives any privilege the party may have in that action or any other involving the same controversy, regarding the testimony of every other person who has examined or may thereafter examine the party in respect of the same mental or physical condition.

   (3)  Subdivision (b) applies to an examination made by agreement of the parties, unless the agreement expressly provides otherwise. It does not preclude discovery of a report of an examiner or the taking of a deposition of the examiner in accordance with the provisions of any other rule.

Explanatory Note
   Prior Rule 4010 has been substantially revised to conform closely to Fed. R.Civ.P. 35. It makes the following changes in the prior practice:

   (1) The Federal Rule covers a party and also a person in the custody or legal control of a party. This expansion is incorporated in the amendment.

   (2) The amendment introduces a specific requirement of ‘‘good cause shown’’ and notice to all parties and to the person to be examined. Actually, this makes no change in present practice. Good cause and notice were implicit in the prior Rule, which required a showing that the physical or mental condition was in controversy in the action. Good cause and notice are intended to protect parties against undue invasion of their rights to privacy.

   (3) Subdivision (b)(1) gives the party against whom the order is issued the right to require the examining physician to give him a report of the results of all tests made and his diagnoses and conclusions, including like reports of all earlier examinations of the same condition to which the examining physician may have had access. This would include the results of X-rays, cardiograms or other tests. If such a report is requested and received, the recipient must reciprocate, on request, and deliver a copy of all prior or later examinations made by his physician. Sanctions are provided for refusal. This follows Fed. R.Civ.P. 35(b)(1).

   (4) Subdivision (b)(2) provides that if a report is requested and received under subdivision (b)(1) or if the deposition of the examining physician is taken, the party examined waives any privilege he may have concerning the testimony of anyone who may have examined him earlier or thereafter. This follows Fed. R.Civ.P. 35(b)(2).

   (5) Subdivision (b)(3) provides that examinations made by agreement of the parties may be subject to production under the Rule and that discovery of the report of an examining physician or deposing him under other Rules is not precluded. This follows Fed. R.Civ.P. 35(b)(3) as amended in 1970.

   In practice, medical reports, as part of the special damages, are routinely submitted during settlement discussions, sometimes even before suit is commenced. There was little litigation over prior Rule 4010 and there should be relatively little under the amended Rule.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4010 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended April 24, 1998, effective July 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 2131. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (228835) to (228837).

Rule 4010.1. Evaluation of Earning Capacity.
 (a)  When the earning capacity of a party, or of a person in the custody or under the legal control of a party, is in controversy, the court in which the action is pending may order the party to submit to an evaluation by a suitably licensed or certified evaluator or to produce for evaluation the person in the party’s custody or legal control.

 (b)  The evaluation shall be subject to the provisions of Rule 4010(a)(3) through (b)(3) inclusive.

 (c)  The evaluator may testify as a witness on the issue of damages only and not as a witness on the issue of liability.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4010.1 adopted April 24, 1998, effective July 1, 1998, 28 Pa.B. 2131.

Rule 4011. Limitation of Scope of Discovery.
 No discovery, including discovery of electronically stored information, shall be permitted which

 (a)  is sought in bad faith;

 (b)  would cause unreasonable annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, burden or expense to the deponent or any person or party;

 (c)  is beyond the scope of discovery as set forth in Rules 4003.1 through 4003.6;

 (d)  is prohibited by any law barring disclosure of mediation communications and mediation documents; or

   Official Note

   Section 5949 of the Judicial Code, 43 Pa.C.S. §  5949, provides, with specified exceptions, that all mediation communications and mediation documents are privileged. See Section 5949(c) for definitions of mediation communication and mediation document.

 (e)  would require the making of an unreasonable investigation by the deponent or any party or witness.

   Official Note

   As with all other discovery rules, this rule governs electronically stored information. See the explanatory comment preceding Rule 4009.1.

Explanatory Note
   The amendments, as already pointed out, make two important changes in present Rule 4011. They delete subdivision (d) limiting the discovery of trial preparation material, and subdivision (f) forbidding any discovery which would require a deponent, whether or not a party, to give an opinion as an expert witness over his objection. These changes have already been discussed under Rules 4003.3 to 4003.5, supra. Minor stylistic changes have been made in subdivision (b). The provision protecting trade secrets or other confidential research, development, or commercial information has been transposed from subdivision (c) to Rule 4012(a)(9).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4011 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended March 5, 1997, effective July 1, 1997, 27 Pa.B. 1443; amended August 20, 2004, effective October 1, 2004, 34 Pa.B. 4881; amended June 6, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3574. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (305444).

Rule 4012. Protective Orders.
 (a)  Upon motion by a party or by the person from whom discovery or deposition is sought, and for good cause shown, the court may make any order which justice requires to protect a party or person from unreasonable annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, burden or expense, including one or more of the following:

   (1)  that the discovery or deposition shall be prohibited;

   (2)  that the discovery or deposition shall be only on specified terms and conditions, including a designation of the time and place;

   (3)  that the discovery or deposition shall be only by a method of discovery or deposition other than that selected by the party seeking discovery or deposition;

   (4)  that certain matters shall not be inquired into;

   (5)  that the scope of discovery or deposition shall be limited;

   (6)  that discovery or deposition shall be conducted with no one present except persons designated by the court;

   (7)  that a deposition shall be sealed and shall be opened only by order of the court;

   (8)  that the parties simultaneously shall file specified documents or information enclosed in sealed envelopes to be opened as directed by the court;

   (9)  that a trade secret or other confidential research, development or commercial information shall not be disclosed or be disclosed only in a designated way.

 If the motion for a protective order is denied in whole or in part, the court may, on such terms and conditions as are just, order that any party or person provide or permit discovery.

   Official Note

   Motions for a protective order are governed by the motion rules, Rule 208.1 et seq. A court of common pleas, by local rule numbered Local Rule 208.2(e), may require that the motion contain a certification that counsel has conferred or attempted to confer with all interested parties in order to resolve the matter without court action.

 (b)  At any time during the taking of a deposition, on motion of any party or of the deponent, the court may order the officer conducting the examination to cease forthwith from taking the deposition, or may limit the scope and manner of the taking of the deposition as provided in subdivision (a). If the order made terminates the examination it shall be resumed thereafter only upon order of the court. Upon demand of the objecting party or deponent, the taking of the deposition shall be suspended for the time necessary to make a motion for an order and to obtain the court’s ruling thereon.

Explanatory Note
   Under the prior practice, protective orders were available in depositions or discovery on oral examination (Rule 4012) or on written interrogatories (Rule 4004(e)). They were not specifically included in interrogatories to parties (Rule 4005) or in general discovery (Rule 4007). The amendment provides a comprehensive Rule which covers all depositions and all discovery. This follows Fed. R.Civ.P. 26(c).

   The eight subdivisions of prior Rule 4012(a) remain, with stylistic changes which broaden their scope. No major change is made in principle. A new ninth subdivision is added, transposing the provisions of former Rule 4011(c) dealing with trade secrets, research and development. The nine subdivisions are defined as examples of the broad principle of protecting against ‘‘unreasonable annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, burden or expense.’’ The power of the court should be adequate to furnish any needed protection.

   A self-explanatory clause is added at the end of subdivision (a) empowering the court, if it denies the protective order, to order that discovery go forward.

   The amendment permits a simple motion procedure for a protective order. This is not necessarily the exclusive procedure for obtaining relief. The various forms of protective order authorized by the Rule can be included by the court in orders entered at other stages of the litigation, if appropriate. For example, a stay of all proceedings will automatically block any pending or prospective discovery.

   The last sentence of former subdivision (b) is deleted, since all provisions for expenses and attorneys’ fees as sanctions are consolidated in Rule 4019, infra.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4012 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B. 5506. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (243960) to (243961) and (255409).

Rule 4013. Stay of Proceedings.
 The filing of a motion for a protective order shall not stay the deposition, production, entry on land or other discovery to which the motion is directed unless the court shall so order. The court for good cause shown may stay any or all proceedings in the action until disposition of the motion.

Explanatory Note
   Former Rule 4013 provided that the filing of any motion or application directed to a deposition or to discovery would automatically stay proceedings with respect to that deposition or discovery. Further, the court could also stay all proceedings in the action until disposition of the motion or application. It had no counterpart in the Federal Rules. Under federal practice the filing of a motion for a protective order will not constitute a stay unless a stay order is granted.

   The automatic stay under former Rule 4013 presented the possibility of misuse. Assume one party notices an emergency deposition of a going, aged or infirm witness. Assume his opponent files a motion for a protective order. This will automatically stay the deposition. The witness may be dead or may have left the Commonwealth before the motion is disposed of and the stay is lifted.

   If the motion, in such a case, was frivolous and filed in bad faith, simply to assure no deposition before death or departure, Rule 4019(h) authorized the imposition of counsel fees and costs. This will be a hollow benefit if the testimony of an important witness is irrevocably lost.

   A number of alternative solutions for controlling misuse were suggested, including a provision for timely filing as a prerequisite to automatic stay, or limiting the automatic stay to 48 hours unless the court granted a further stay. None of these adequately solved the difficulties presented by the automatic stay procedure. Timely filing was imprecise as to time and the fixed 48-hour period failed to reach critical situations in the case of going or aged witnesses.

   The amendment therefore abolishes all automatic stay and adopts the federal practice requiring a stay order in all cases. It is recognized that this will impose on the courts the creation of necessary administrative machinery to insure prompt access to and prompt action by the court. A judge must be available on short notice.

   This has worked well in the federal courts and should work equally well in our courts.

   In urgent discovery and deposition matters, there is no place for motion and argument lists held only once a month or quarterly. This is not a matter limited to protective orders; it cuts across the whole field of obstructive and dilatory tactics to frustrate discovery.

   In many counties the machinery already exists, with special assignment of motion judges available at all times. Most counties also provide for emergency judges assigned for weekends and holidays, so that no major changes in administrative machinery should be required.

   There are, in addition, a number of other Rules which provide for the equivalent of self-executing stays without special allowance, so that the need for emergency action in many instances will be obviated.

   (a) Rule 4003.4 as amended permits a party to refuse to produce the statement of a party or a witness. He needs no stay order, because the Rule puts the burden on the requesting party to move for an order for production.

   (b) Rule 4006(a)(1) provides that an answer to written interrogatories to a party may include grounds for objection. This similarly puts the burden on the inquirer to move for dismissal of the objection and a direction that the interrogatory be answered.

   (c) Rule 4019 contains a group of additional instances where the burden is placed on the moving party to move for relief on the basis of an unjustifiable refusal of a party or witness to respond. These include failure to answer interrogatories (under Rules 4004 and 4005), refusal of a party to appear for deposition after notice, refusal of a party to obey an order of court, inducing a person to refuse to obey an order of court, refusal to obey an order of court under Rule 4009 for production and inspection of documents or things or entry upon land, refusal to obey an order of court under Rule 4010 for a medical examination, and, generally, a failure to make discovery or to obey an order of court relating to discovery.

   (d) Rule 4014, regulating requests for admission, provides that the answering party may raise objections in his answer. The burden is placed on the requesting party to move for a determination of the sufficiency of the objection.  The requirement of a stay order to protect against abusive discovery should not be an excessive burden on the parties, nor should the courts be swamped with applications for a stay. The federal experience and the Pennsylvania experience suggest that there are adequate means by which counsel can protect his client and his witnesses from abusive discovery other than by seeking protective orders, and that the requirement of asking the court for a stay order in a significant case is a minor procedural act.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4013 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (16021).

Rule 4014. Request for Admission.
 (a)  A party may serve upon any other party a written request for the admission, for purposes of the pending action only, of the truth of any matters within the scope of Rules 4003.1 through 4003.5 inclusive set forth in the request that relate to statements or opinions of fact or of the application of law to fact, including the genuineness, authenticity, correctness, execution, signing, delivery, mailing or receipt of any document described in the request. Copies of documents shall be served with the request unless they have been or are otherwise furnished or available for inspection and copying in the county. The request may, without leave of court, be served upon the plaintiff after commencement of the action and upon any other party with or after service of the original process upon that party.

 (b)  Each matter of which an admission is requested shall be separately set forth. The matter is admitted unless, within thirty days after service of the request, or within such shorter or longer time as the court may allow, the party to whom the request is directed serves upon the party requesting the admission an answer verified by the party or an objection, signed by the party or by the party’s attorney; but, unless the court shortens the time, a defendant shall not be required to serve answers or objections before the expiration of forty-five days after service of the original process upon him or her. If objection is made, the reasons therefor shall be stated. The answer shall admit or deny the matter or set forth in detail the reasons why the answering party cannot truthfully do so. A denial shall fairly meet the substance of the requested admission, and when good faith requires that a party qualify the answer or deny only a part of the matter of which an admission is requested, the party shall specify so much of it as is true and qualify or deny the remainder. An answering party may not give lack of information or knowledge as a reason for failure to admit or deny unless the answering party states that he or she has made reasonable inquiry and that the information known or readily obtainable by him or her is insufficient to enable him or her to admit or deny. A party who considers that a matter of which an admission has been requested presents a genuine issue for trial may not, on that ground alone, object to the request. That party may, subject to the provisions of Rule 4019(d), deny the matter or set forth reasons why he or she cannot admit or deny it.

   Official Note

   The requirements of an answer are governed by this rule and not by Rule 1029(b).

 (c)  The party who has requested the admission may move to determine the sufficiency of the answer or objection. Unless the court determines that an objection is justified, it shall order that an answer be served. If the court determines that an answer does not comply with the requirements of this rule, it may order either that the matter is admitted or that an amended answer be served. The court may, in lieu of these orders, determine that final disposition of the request be made at a pre-trial conference or at a designated time prior to trial.

 (d)  Any matter admitted under this rule is conclusively established unless the court on motion permits withdrawal or amendment of the admission. Subject to the provisions of Rule 212.3 governing pre-trial conferences, the court may permit withdrawal or amendment when the presentation of the merits of the action will be subserved thereby and the party who obtained the admission fails to satisfy the court that withdrawal or amendment will prejudice him or her in maintaining the action or defense on the merits. Any admission by a party under this rule is for the purpose of the pending action only and is not an admission by the party for any other purpose nor may it be used against the party in any other proceeding.

Explanatory Note
   Prior Rule 4014 has been completely revised to conform to Fed. R.Civ.P. 36 as amended in 1970.

   The amendments make the following significant changes in present practice:

   (1) The scope of the requests is enlarged. The prior Rule permitted requests for admission only as to truth of any relevant matters of fact or the genuineness of any writing, agreement, or record. The revision will cover all matters within the scope of deposition Rules 4003.1 through 4003.5. This includes all matters that relate to the truth of any matter, but also to statements or opinions of fact or of the application of law to fact.

   (2) The request may be made on any party; the prior Rule limited the request to ‘‘adverse’’ parties. The plaintiff may serve a request on any defending party after the party has been served with original process. A defending party may serve a request on the plaintiff at any time after the action is commenced.

   (3) The respondent must answer or object. The answer must admit or deny in whole or in part. The form of a denial is clarified. Lack of information or knowledge is an insufficient denial, unless he avers that he has made reasonable inquiry and that the information available is still insufficient to enable him to admit or deny. Subdivision (b), unlike the Federal Rule, requires a sworn answer. The answer or the objections may be signed by the attorney.

   (4)  The form of the denial will not be governed by Pleading Rule 1029(b). Subdivision (b) provides that a denial shall fairly meet the substance of the requested admission and when good faith requires that a party qualify his answer or deny only a part of the matter of which an admission is requested, he shall specify so much of it as is true and qualify or deny the remainder. Thus, a good faith general denial which would be insufficient under Rule 1029(b) might be sufficient here. (5) Where the respondent believes that a request for admission involves a genuine issue of fact for trial, this alone does not make the request objectionable. He must deny the matter or set forth reasons why he cannot admit or deny it. Sanction Rule 4019(d), which is specially mentioned in subdivision (b), provides that if, at trial, a party is required to prove that which should have been admitted, the expenses, including counsel fees, of proving such matters may be imposed upon the respondent unless the admission was of no substantial importance, or the request could have been held objectionable, or the respondent reasonably believed he could prevail at trial on the issue, or there was other good reason for the failure to admit.

   (6) The time periods for answer or objection are conformed to the Federal Rule and extended from 10 to 30 days or to 45 days after service of original process.

   (7) A specific procedure is provided in subdivision (c) for an early determination of the sufficiency of an answer or objection. The prior Rule provided no such determination before trial, and a party often came to trial uncertain whether the answer constituted an admission or denial. The amendment provides that the court may order the matter to be admitted or an amended answer to be served, or it may postpone the final determination of this issue to pretrial conferences or a designated time prior to trial.

   (8) Finally, subdivision (d) sets forth the terms under which an admission may be withdrawn or amended and the effect of possible prejudice to the inquirer from an amendment or withdrawal. It also contains the important condition that the admission is localized in the pending action and cannot be used against him in any other proceeding.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4014 amended through October 16, 1981, effective October 16, 1981, 11 Pa.B. 3687; amended December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 11; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (228840) to (228842).

Rule 4015. Persons Before Whom Depositions May be Taken.
 (a)  Within the United States or within a territory or insular possession subject to the dominion of the United States, depositions shall be taken before an officer authorized to administer oaths by the laws of the United States or of this Commonwealth or of the place where the examination is held, or before a person appointed by the court in which the action is pending. A person so appointed shall have power to administer oaths and take testimony.

 (b)  In a foreign country, depositions may be taken

   (1)  on notice before a person authorized to administer oaths in the place in which the examination is held, either by the law thereof or by the law of the United States, or

   (2)  before a person commissioned by the court in which the action is pending, and a person so commissioned shall have the power by virtue of the commission to administer any necessary oath and take testimony, or

   (3)  pursuant to a letter rogatory. A commission or a letter rogatory shall be issued on application and notice and on terms that are just and appropriate. It is not requisite to the issuance of a commission or a letter rogatory that the taking of the deposition in any other manner is impracticable or inconvenient; and both a commission and a letter rogatory may be issued in proper cases. A notice or commission may designate the person before whom the deposition is to be taken either by name or descriptive title. A letter rogatory may be addressed ‘‘To the Appropriate Authority in (here name the country).’’ Evidence obtained in response to a letter rogatory need not be excluded merely for the reason that it is not a verbatim transcript or that the testimony was not taken under oath or for any similar departure from the requirements for depositions taken within the United States under these rules.

 (c)  No deposition shall be taken before a person who is a relative, employee or attorney of any of the parties, or who is a relative or employee of such attorney, or who is financially interested in the action.

Explanatory Note
   The amendments conform the Rule to Fed. R.Civ.P. 28. They make the following changes in present practice:

   (1) When depositions are to be taken within the United States or a territory or insular possession, the list of persons authorized to take the deposition is increased by adding a person appointed by the court in which the action is pending. That person thereby acquires the power to administer an oath. This permits the taking of depositions in isolated places where no one would ordinarily be found who is authorized to administer an oath, and where the parties do not stipulate that the oath be waived under Rule 4002.

   (2) When depositions are to be taken in foreign countries, the list of persons who may take the deposition will now include any person authorized to administer an oath in the place in which the examination is held, either by the law of that place or by the law of the United States. Commissions or letters rogatory remain available, and a person commissioned by the court will have the power to administer oaths or to take testimony by virtue of his commission. It is not requisite to the issuance of a commission or a letter rogatory that the taking of a deposition in any other matter is impracticable or inconvenient and both a commission and a letter may be issued in proper cases.

   In many cases international judicial assistance may be required, especially if there is a non-cooperative witness whose appearance must be compelled. A check should be made to see if the foreign country involved is a signatory to the Hague Convention for the Taking of Evidence Abroad. If so, the procedure under that Convention may be useful. (3) Evidence obtained in response to a letter rogatory may not be excluded merely for the reason that it is not a verbatim transcript or that the testimony was not taken under oath or for any similar departure from the technique used in depositions taken within the United States. This provision is essential to permit the use of testimony taken in non-common law countries where testimony may be taken before a judge or other officer who questions the witness, sometimes without administering an oath and without a verbatim transcript, and who prepares a summary of the testimony which the witness has given. While the court may not exclude the evidence for this reason, its value or weight may be affected by the method of taking or recording the testimony.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4015 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281. Immediately preceding test appears at serial pages (228843) to (228844).

Rule 4016. Taking of Depositions. Objections.
 (a)  Objection to taking a deposition because of the disqualification of the person before whom it is to be taken is waived unless made before the taking of the deposition begins or as soon thereafter as the disqualification becomes known or could be discovered with reasonable diligence.

 (b)  Objections to the competency of a witness or to the competency, relevancy, or materiality of the testimony are not waived by failure to make them before or during the taking of the deposition, unless the ground of the objection is one which was known to the objecting party and which might have been obviated or removed if made at that time.

 (c)  Errors and irregularities occurring at the oral examination in the manner of taking the deposition, in the form of oral questions or answers, in the oath or affirmation, or in the conduct of parties and errors of any kind which might have been obviated, removed, or cured if objections had been promptly made, are waived unless seasonable objection is made at the taking of the deposition.

 (d)  All errors and irregularities in the notice for taking a deposition are waived unless written objection is promptly served upon the party giving the notice.

   Official Note

   Objections to the form of written interrogatories must be made as provided by Rule 4004(b).

Explanatory Note
   This Rule remains unchanged.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4016 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (16022).

Rule 4017. Transcript of Testimony. Objections.
 (a)  The person before whom the deposition is taken shall put the witness on oath or affirmation and shall personally or by someone acting under his or her direction and in his or her presence record the testimony of the witness.

 (b)  The testimony of the witness shall be transcribed. Objections to the manner of preparation or the correctness of the transcript are waived unless they are filed in writing with the court promptly after the grounds of objection become known or could have been discovered with reasonable diligence.

 (c)  When the testimony is fully transcribed a copy of the deposition with the original signature page shall be submitted to the witness for inspection and signing and shall be read to or by the witness and shall be signed by the witness, unless the inspection, reading and signing are waived by the witness and by all parties who attended the taking of the deposition, or the witness is ill or cannot be found or refuses to sign. Any changes in form or substance which the witness desires to make shall be entered upon the deposition by the person before whom it was taken with a statement of the reasons given by the witness for making the changes. If the deposition is not signed by the witness within thirty days of its submission to the witness, the person before whom the deposition was taken shall sign it and state on the record the fact of the waiver or of the illness or absence of the witness or the refusal to sign together with the reason, if any, given therefor; and the deposition may then be used as fully as though signed, unless the court holds that the reasons given for the refusal to sign require rejection of the deposition in whole or in part.

 (d)  The person before whom the deposition is taken shall certify on the deposition that the witness was duly sworn and that the deposition is a true record of the testimony given by the witness.

 (e)  In lieu of participating in the oral examination, parties served with notice of taking a deposition may transmit written interrogatories to the person taking the deposition, who shall propound them to the witness and record the answers verbatim.

 (f)  Upon payment of reasonable charges, the person before whom the deposition was taken shall furnish a copy thereof to any party or to the deponent.

Explanatory Note
   Minor stylistic changes have been made in this Rule. In addition, a time limit of 30 days is given the witness to make any changes in the transcript of the deposition and to sign it.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4017 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended November 7, 1988, effective January 1, 1989, 18 Pa.B. 5338; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (228844) to (228845).

Rule 4017.1. Video Depositions.
 (a)  Any deposition upon oral examination may be taken as a matter of course as a video deposition by means of simultaneous audio and visual electronic recording. Except as provided by this rule, the rules of this chapter governing the practice and procedure in depositions and discovery shall apply.

   (1)  Any party may have a video deposition recorded simultaneously by stenographic means as provided by this chapter.

   (2)  A video deposition may be used in court only if accompanied by a transcript of the deposition.

 (b)  Every notice or subpoena for the taking of a video deposition shall state

   (1)  that the deposition is to be taken as a video deposition,

   (2)  the name and address of the person whose deposition is to be taken,

   (3)  the name and address of the officer before whom it is to be taken,

   (4)  whether the deposition is to be simultaneously recorded by stenographic means, and

   (5)  the name and address of the video operator and of his or her employer. The operator may be an employe of the attorney taking the deposition.

 (c)  The deposition shall begin by the operator stating on camera (1) his or her name and address, (2) the name and address of his or her employer, (3) the date, time and place of the deposition, (4) the caption of the case, (5) the name of the witness, and (6) the party on whose behalf the deposition is being taken. The officer before whom the deposition is taken shall then identify himself or herself and swear the witness on camera. At the conclusion of the deposition the operator shall state on camera that the deposition is concluded. When the length of the deposition requires the use of more than one videotape, the end of the videotape and the beginning of each succeeding videotape shall be announced on camera by the operator.

 (d)  The deposition shall be timed by a digital clock on camera which shall show continually each hour, minute and second of each videotape of the deposition.

 (e)  No signature of the witness shall be required.

 (f)  The attorney for the party taking the deposition shall take custody of and be responsible for the safeguarding of the videotape and shall permit the viewing of and shall provide a copy of the videotape or the audio portion thereof upon the request and at the cost of a party.

 (g)  In addition to the uses permitted by Rule 4020 a video deposition of a medical witness or any witness called as an expert, other than a party, may be used at trial for any purpose whether or not the witness is available to testify.

 (h)  At a trial or hearing that part of the audio portion of a video deposition which is offered in evidence and admitted, or which is excluded on objection, shall be transcribed in the same manner as the testimony of other witnesses. The videotape shall be marked as an exhibit and may remain in the custody of the court.

   Official Note

   Local rules and practice shall regulate the procedure for handling objections to questions and answers on the videotape. Suggested devices include inter alia, previewing by the judge and counsel and withholding from the evidence material to which objections are sustained; or having the operator turn off the audio portion of the videotape at the trial or hearing to exclude objectionable material or the use of ‘‘fast forward’’ by the operator at the trial or hearing to eliminate both the image and the sound of the objectionable material.

 (i)  As used in this rule, ‘‘videotape’’ includes all media on which a video deposition may be recorded.

Explanatory Note
   This Rule remains unchanged.

   Pennsylvania was one of the first states to authorize videotape depositions. Although adopted in April, 1973 as part of a two-year experimental program, the Rule appears to have worked well in practice.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4017.1 amended through April 23, 1985, effective July 1, 1985, 15 Pa.B. 1727; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281; amended April 25, 2007, effective July 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 2178. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (255416) and (301351).

Rule 4018. [Rescinded].

   Official Note

   See Rule 234.1 et seq. governing subpoenas.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4018 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; rescinded December 14, 1989, effective January 1, 1990, 20 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (134427) to (134428).

Rule 4019. Sanctions.
 (a)(1)  The court may, on motion, make an appropriate order if

     (i)   a party fails to serve answers, sufficient answers or objections to written interrogatories under Rule 4005;

     (ii)   a corporation or other entity fails to make a designation under Rule 4004(a)(2) or 4007.1(e);

     (iii)   a person, including a person designated under Rule 4004(a)(2) to be examined, fails to answer, answer sufficiently or object to written interrogatories under Rule 4004;

     (iv)   a party or an officer, or managing agent of a party or a person designated under Rule 4007.1(e) to be examined, after notice under Rule 4007.1, fails to appear before the person who is to take the deposition;

     (v)   a party or deponent, or an officer or managing agent of a party or deponent, induces a witness not to appear;

     (vi)   a party or an officer, or managing agent of a party refuses or induces a person to refuse to obey an order of court made under subdivision (b) of this rule requiring such party or person to be sworn or to answer designated questions or an order of court made under Rule 4010;

     (vii)   a party, in response to a request for production or inspection made under Rule 4009, fails to respond that inspection will be permitted as requested or fails to permit inspection as requested;

     (viii)   a party or person otherwise fails to make discovery or to obey an order of court respecting discovery.

   (2)  A failure to act described in subdivision (a)(1) may not be excused on the ground that the discovery sought is objectionable unless the party failing to act has filed an appropriate objection or has applied for a protective order.

   Official Note

   Motions for sanctions are governed by the motion rules, Rule 208.1 et seq. A court of common pleas, by local rule numbered Local Rule 208.2(e), may require that the motion contain a certification that counsel has conferred or attempted to confer with all interested parties in order to resolve the matter without court action.

 (b)  If a deponent refuses to be sworn or to answer any question, the deposition shall be completed on other matters or adjourned, as the proponent of the question may prefer. Thereafter, on reasonable notice to all persons affected thereby, the proponent may apply to a proper court in the county where the deposition is being taken or to the court in which the action is pending, for an order compelling the witness to be sworn or to answer, under penalty of contempt, except that where the deposition of a witness not a party is to be taken outside the Commonwealth, the application shall be made only to a court of the jurisdiction in which the deposition is to be taken.

 (c)  The court, when acting under subdivision (a) of this rule, may make

   (1)  an order that the matters regarding which the questions were asked, or the character or description of the thing or land, or the contents of the paper, or any other designated fact shall be taken to be established for the purposes of the action in accordance with the claim of the party obtaining the order;

   (2)  an order refusing to allow the disobedient party to support or oppose designated claims or defenses, or prohibiting such party from introducing in evidence designated documents, things or testimony, or from introducing evidence of physical or mental condition;

   (3)  an order striking out pleadings or parts thereof, or staying further proceedings until the order is obeyed, or entering a judgment of non pros or by default against the disobedient party or party advising the disobedience;

   (4)  an order imposing punishment for contempt, except that a party may not be punished for contempt for a refusal to submit to a physical or mental examination under Rule 4010;

   (5)  such order with regard to the failure to make discovery as is just.

 (d)  If at the trial or hearing, a party who has requested admissions as authorized by Rule 4014 proves the matter which the other party has failed to admit as requested, the court on motion may enter an order taxing as costs against the other party the reasonable expenses incurred in making such proof, including attorney’s fees, unless the court finds that

   (1)  the request was or could have been held objectionable pursuant to Rule 4014, or

   (2)  the admission sought was of no substantial importance, or

   (3)  the party failing to admit had reasonable ground to believe that he or she might prevail on the matter, or

   (4)  there was other good reason for the failure to admit.

 (e)  If the party giving the notice of the taking of a deposition fails to attend and proceed therewith and another party attends in person or by attorney pursuant to the notice, the court may order the party giving the notice to pay to such other party the amount of the reasonable expenses incurred by such other party and his or her attorney in so attending, including attorney’s fees.

 (f)  If the party giving the notice of the taking of a deposition of a witness fails to serve a subpoena upon the witness and because of such failure the witness does not attend, and if another party attends in person or by attorney expecting the deposition of that witness to be taken, the court may order the party giving the notice to pay to such other party the amount of the reasonable expenses incurred by such other party and his or her attorney in so attending, including attorney’s fees.

 (g)(1)  Except as otherwise provided in these rules, if following the refusal, objection or failure of a party or person to comply with any provision of this chapter, the court, after opportunity for hearing, enters an order compelling compliance and the order is not obeyed, the court on a subsequent motion for sanctions may, if the motion is granted, require the party or deponent whose conduct necessitated the motions or the party or attorney advising such conduct or both of them to pay to the moving party the reasonable expenses, including attorney’s fees, incurred in obtaining the order of compliance and the order for sanctions, unless the court finds that the opposition to the motion was substantially justified or that other circumstances make an award of expenses unjust.

   (2)  If the motion for sanctions is denied, the court shall, after opportunity for hearing, require the moving party or the attorney advising the motion or both of them to pay to the party or deponent who opposed the motion the reasonable expenses incurred in opposing the motion, including attorney’s fees, unless the court finds that the making of the motion was substantially justified or that other circumstances make an award of expenses unjust.

   (3)  If the motion for sanctions is granted in part and denied in part, the court may apportion the reasonable expenses incurred in relation to the motion among the parties and persons in a just manner.

   Official Note

   For other special provisions authorizing the award of expenses including attorney fees see Rule 4008 where a deposition is to be taken more than 100 miles from the courthouse; 4019(d) where a party unjustifiably refuses to admit causing the other party to incur expenses of proof at trial; 4019(e) and (f) where a party notices a deposition and fails to appear or to subpoena a witness to appear causing the other party to incur unnecessary expenses; and 4019(h) where a party files motions or applications for the purpose of delay or bad faith.

 (h)  If the filing of a motion or making of an application under this chapter is for the purpose of delay or in bad faith, the court may impose on the party making the motion or application the reasonable costs, including attorney’s fees, actually incurred by the opposing party by reason of such delay or bad faith. A party upon whom such costs have been imposed may neither (1) take any further step in the suit without prior leave of court so long as such costs remain unpaid nor (2) recover such costs if ultimately successful in the action.

 (i)  A witness whose identity has not been revealed as provided in this chapter shall not be permitted to testify on behalf of the defaulting party at the trial of the action. However, if the failure to disclose the identity of the witness is the result of extenuating circumstances beyond the control of the defaulting party, the court may grant a continuance or other appropriate relief.

 (j)  Expenses and attorney’s fees may not be imposed upon the Commonwealth under this rule.

Explanatory Note
   Former Rule 4019 worked reasonably well since it was first adopted in 1950. Amendments were, however, necessary to reflect the many amendments in other Rules. Opportunity was taken to make additional amendments to approach more closely the language of Fed. R.Civ.P. 37.

   (1) Subdivision (a)(viii) is a blanket authorization to the court to enter a sanction order whenever there is a failure to make discovery or to obey an order of the court. The preceding subsections of subdivision (a) set out a series of specific violations of Rules 4004, 4005, 4007.1, 4007.2, 4009 and 4010 which are included in the blanket authorization. These are only illustrations and do not limit the all-inclusive coverage of subsection (viii).

   (2) Prior Rule 4019(a) required a showing that an offender had acted ‘‘wilfully.’’ This word has been deleted. The court may impose sanctions even if the failure is not wilful. Wilfulness of course may be a factor in determining the extent of the sanction but it will not be an essential condition precedent to the power to impose a sanction.

   (3) A new subdivision (a)(2), taken from Fed. R.Civ.P. 37(4), provides that failure to permit deposition or discovery may not be excused on the ground that the discovery sought is objectionable, unless the party failing to act has filed an appropriate objection or has applied for a protective order.

   Subdivision (b) remains unchanged, except that the procedure for imposition of expenses and counsel fees is transposed to the new subdivision (g).

   Subdivision (c) remains unchanged except for the addition of a catch-all subsection (5).

   Subdivision (d) permits an award of expenses including counsel fees where a party has unjustifiably failed or refused to admit requests for admissions under Rule 4014, and the inquirer is thereafter compelled to prove the unadmitted facts at the trial. This has been discussed in the commentary to Rule 4014, supra.

   Subdivisions (e) and (f) are unchanged. These also permit the sanction of expenses, including counsel fees. These provisions have been rarely invoked in practice. They remind counsel that lack of professional courtesy in notifying opposing counsel that parties or witnesses may not attend a deposition may subject them to sanctions.

   Subdivision (g) contains novel provisions with respect to the imposition of expenses and counsel fees in situations other than those regulated in subdivisions (d), (e), (f) and (h). These four sub-sections cover requests for admissions, failure of a party or a witness to attend depositions and the filing motion or application in bad faith or for purposes of delay.

   These constitutes a relatively small area of deposition and discovery practice. They do not include the situations regulated in subdivisions (a), (b) and (c), which cover the more common situations of interrogatories and answers, oral depositions on notice, production of documents and things and physical and mental examinations.

   The prior Rule contained no provision for expenses and counsel fees in these situations except in subdivision (b), the case where a witness refused to be sworn or to answer.

   Fed. R.Civ.P. 37(a)(4) provides that, if a party is successful in obtaining an order of compliance, the court shall, at the same time and without waiting to see if the order of compliance is obeyed, award expenses including counsel fees unless the failure, refusal or objection of the offending party is found to be substantially justified. Conversely, the court shall impose counsel fees against the parties unsuccessful in seeking a compliance order unless their conduct was substantially justified. If the motion is granted in part and refused in part, the court could in its discretion apportion expenses in a just manner.

   The amendment suggest a new approach. It refers generally to ‘‘refusal, objection or failure of a party or person to comply with any provision of this chapter’’ which could hardly be more all-inclusive. However, it preserves the special provisions of subdivisions (d), (e), (f) and (h) by the phrase ‘‘except as otherwise provided in these rules.’’ As to those situations not covered by subdivisions (d), (e), (f) and (h), it requires a ‘‘two step’’ procedure rather than the ‘‘single step’’ procedure of the Federal Rule.

   The first step under subdivision (g)(1) is a motion to compel compliance. If, after a hearing, the motion is granted and depositions or discovery are ordered and the party against whom it is directed complies, that is the end of the matter as far as expenses and counsel fees are concerned. There can be no award of expenses and fees. If the order to comply is not obeyed, the aggrieved party may file a new motion to impose sanctions. The court, at this ‘‘second step’’ of the proceedings, may award expenses and counsel fees for either or both steps depending upon how the court views the conduct of the defaulting party and his counsel. The Rule permits the court to decline any award if the court finds that the opposition to the motion was substantially justified or that other circumstances make an award unjust. Similarly, if the second step procedure is unsuccessful and no award is made, subdivision (g)(2) authorizes the court to impose expenses including counsel fees on the moving party unless the court finds that the making of the second step motion was substantially justified or that other circumstances make an award of expenses unjust. Finally, subdivision (g)(3) permits the court to apportion expenses among the parties if the motion for sanctions is granted in part and denied in part.

   An order of compliance entered in the first step of the proceedings, which is not obeyed, will ordinarily supply substantial justification for the second step procedure requesting sanctions including expenses and counsel fees. There may be exceptional circumstances where the second step will fail. For example, there may be a failure to notify the respondent and the failure to comply may have resulted from no knowledge of the order. Or, the order of compliance may have directed the respondent to do something which the Rules do not permit or which was beyond the jurisdiction of the court.

   Reference is made in the commentary to Rule 4003 of a possible ambiguity in the availability of sanctions under the prior Rule for failure of a party to appear for a deposition taken on a petition, motion or rule. Any such ambiguity will be removed by the all-inclusive language of subdivision (g)(1).

   The amendment authorizes the court, if it grants the motion for sanctions, to impose the payment of the expenses on the guilty party or deponent or on the attorney who advised the conduct or on both. If the motion for sanctions is refused, the court is authorized to impose the expenses on the moving party or on the attorney who advised the filing of the motion or on both.

   These are powerful disciplinary tools, if the courts will use them. The placing of the burden to escape the expenses and counsel fees on the shoulders of the losing party, plus the new provision for imposing the sanction on the attorney, will hopefully assure compliance with the Discovery Rules and a minimum of sanction proceedings.

   Subdivision (h) adds a new provision for expenses and counsel fees not expressly found in the Federal Rule. It provides that if the filing of a motion or application is in bad faith or for the purpose of delay, the court may impose on the party making the motion reasonable costs, including attorney’s fees, incurred by the opposing party by reason of such delay or bad faith. The party on whom such costs have been imposed may take no further steps in the action without leave of court so long as the costs remain unpaid and may not recover such cost if ultimately successful in the action. The language of this Rule has been adapted from Rule 217 governing the imposition of costs in connection with continuances.

   Independent of the above provisions, Rule 4008 provides that, as to oral depositions to be taken more than 100 miles from the courthouse, expenses including counsel fees may be imposed in the discretion of the court. This is of course not a sanction provision.

   Subdivision (i) adds a new provision for sanctions for failure to identify witnesses as to whom discovery has been sought. A witness whose identity has not been revealed as provided by the Rules will not be permitted to testify at trial. If the failure to disclose his identity was the result of extenuating circumstances beyond the control of the defaulting party, the court may grant a continuance or other appropriate relief.

   Subdivision (j) is former subdivision (g) with only a minor stylistic change. It forbids the imposition of expenses and counsel fees on the Commonwealth.

   The amendment does not compel a party who has identified a witness under Rule 4003.1 as having ‘‘knowledge of discoverable matter’’ to call the witness at the trial. Nor, except as to the disclosure under Rule 4003.5(b) of the identity of experts expected to be called at trial, is a party required to present a ‘‘witness list’’ of those he intends to call at trial. Nor can an opponent claim surprise if an identified witness is not called on the ground that this tactic deprives him of the opportunity for cross-examination. He could have taken his deposition before trial.

   The Rule does not deal specifically with the difficult problem of rebuttal witnesses. A plaintiff may not identify persons who can testify to rebut a particular defense because the defendant’s pleadings and discovery do not clearly identify that defense. If the defendant introduces this defense at the trial, should the court exclude the plaintiff’s rebuttal witness, on the ground that he did not ‘‘identify’’ this witness? A skilled plaintiff can avoid this danger by careful discovery from the defendant, which will force a disclosure of all the defenses.

   The problem, of course, can arise only if the defendant has asked the plaintiff to identify all persons ‘‘having knowledge,’’ and the plaintiff has done so.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4019 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281; amended October 24, 2003, effective 9 months after the date of the Order, 33 Pa.B. 5506. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (255417) to (255420) and (271799) to (271800).

Rule 4020. Use of Depositions at Trial.
 (a)  At the trial, any part or all of a deposition, so far as admissible under the rules of evidence, may be used against any party who was present or represented at the taking of the deposition or who had notice thereof if required, in accordance with any one of the following provisions:

   (1)  Any deposition may be used by any party for the purpose of contradicting or impeaching the testimony of a deponent as a witness, or as permitted by the Pennsylvania Rules of Evidence.

   (2)  The deposition of a party or of any one who at the time of taking the deposition was an officer, director, or managing agent of a party or a person designated under Rule 4004(a)(2) or 4007.1(e) to testify on behalf of a public or private corporation, partnership or association or governmental agency which is a party, may be used by an adverse party for any purpose.

   (3)  The deposition of a witness, whether or not a party, may be used by any party for any purpose if the court finds

     (a)   that the witness is dead, or

     (b)   that the witness is at a greater distance than one hundred miles from the place of trial or is outside the Commonwealth, unless it appears that the absence of the witness was procured by the party offering the deposition, or that the witness is unable to attend or testify because of age, sickness, infirmity or imprisonment, or that the party offering the deposition has been unable to procure the attendance of the witness by subpoena, or upon application and notice that such exceptional circumstances exist as to make it desirable, in the interest of justice and with due regard to the importance of presenting the testimony of witnesses orally in open court, to allow the deposition to be used.

   (4)  If only part of a deposition is offered in evidence by a party, any other party may require the offering party to introduce all of it which is relevant to the part introduced, and any party may introduce any other parts.

   Official Note:

   See the Pennsylvania Rules of Evidence for a broader statement of this rule.

   (5)  A deposition upon oral examination of a medical witness, other than a party, may be used at trial for any purpose whether or not the witness is available to testify.

 (b)  Substitution of parties does not affect the right to use depositions previously taken; and, when an action has been dismissed and another action involving the same subject is afterward brought between the same parties or their representatives or successors in interest, all depositions lawfully taken in the former action may be used in the latter as if originally taken therein. A deposition previously taken may also be used as permitted by the Pennsylvania Rules of Evidence.

 (c)  Subject to the provisions of Rule 4016(b), objection may be made at the trial or hearing to receiving in evidence any deposition or part thereof for any reason which would require the exclusion of the evidence if the witness were then present and testifying.

 (d)  A party shall not be deemed to make a person his or her own witness for any purpose by taking the person’s deposition. The introduction in evidence of the deposition or any part thereof for any purpose other than that of contradicting or impeaching the deponent makes the deponent the witness of the party introducing the deposition, but this shall not apply to the use of an adverse party of a deposition as described in subdivision (a)(2) of this rule. At the trial or hearing any party may rebut any relevant evidence contained in a deposition whether introduced by that party or by any other party.

Explanatory Note
   Except for minor stylistic amendments this Rule remains unchanged, except for a new subdivision (a)(5) permitting the use at trial of a deposition upon oral examination of a medical witness, other than a party, whether or not the witness is available to testify.

   The rising costs of obtaining the testimony at trial of medical experts and the inconvenience which may be caused to the medical witness and to his patients, have suggested relaxation of the requirement that a medical witness who is available to testify must be produced at trial. The witness may have to appear a total of three times, first, at a deposition, second, at a compulsory arbitration hearing and third, at trial in the Common Pleas Court.

   Videotape Rule 4017.1(g) recognizes this hardship by permitting use at trial of the videotape deposition of a medical witness even if he is available to appear. Rule 1809(b) similarly provides that on a de novo appeal to the Common Pleas Court from a Health Care Arbitration Panel the deposition of any medical witness offered during arbitration shall be admissible whether or not the witness is available at trial on the appeal.

   In fact, these two Rules go beyond the medical witness and give the same privilege to any ‘‘other’’ expert witness.

   To the contrary, subdivision (a)(5) is limited to medical witnesses.

   The Committee was concerned about the effect of the inclusion of ‘‘other experts’’ in this Rule which permits a deposition to be read at a trial in lieu of the appearance of a witness who is available to appear.

   The videotape situation is different. Here the jury or the court will see the witness and can observe his demeanor. Although there may be a reduction in the size of the image and the reproduction may not be perfect, it is a far cry from having someone read from a stenographic transcript the words of an absent person.

   The Health Care Services cases are also different. These are by definition medical malpractice cases. Here the issues are basically medical and majority of expert witnesses will be medical witnesses. Sometimes there will be issues which will need a non-medical expert witness, but these issues will necessarily be subordinate to the essential medical character of the trial. For example, an issue might be the construction and operating efficiency of a piece of hospital equipment or the purity of a drug which was administered.

   It is obvious that Rule 4020 is different from Rules 4017.1 and 1809(b). This Rule covers every kind of action at law or in equity. The types of experts and the nature of their testimony will be almost unlimited. These experts will have no ‘‘personal’’ problems like the physician, whose problems have been the justification for special treatment. The ‘‘other experts’’ may talk about real estate values, actuarial formulas, exploding bottles, concrete construction, security values, fire alarm systems, defective steering assemblies, false signatures, urban planning, defective heating systems, ballistics and the endless list of topics which can be the focus of expertise in litigation.

   If these manifold experts do not appear on videotape, what special reason is there for the jury never to see them, if they are available to appear at the trial?

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4020 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended April 12, 1999, effective July 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 2281; amended November 28, 2000, effective January 1, 2001, 30 Pa.B. 6425. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (255422) to (255424).

Rule 4023. Acts of Assembly Not Suspended.
 The following Acts of Assembly shall not be deemed suspended or affected:

 (a)  42 Pa.C.S. §  5325, relating to when and how a deposition may be taken outside the Commonwealth.

 (b)  Any Act of Assembly relating to shareholder actions for the inspection of corporate records pursuant to 15 Pa.C.S. §  1508, the examination of persons and production of documents and tangible things at a hearing or trial in proceedings upon insolvency pursuant to 39 P.S. §  252, election contests pursuant to 25 P.S. §  3465, or appeals from registration commissions pursuant to 25 Pa.C.S. §  1603.

Historical Commentary
   The following commentary is historical in nature and represents statements of the Committee at the time of rulemaking:

Explanatory Comment—1978
   The statutes preserved or suspended by the above rules have been repealed by the Judiciary Act Repealer Act, effective June 27, 1978. The rules have been devised to reflect those repeals.

Explanatory Comment—1995
   The note to paragraph (3) of Rule 4023 has been revised by deleting the reference to the repealed Act of May 5, 1933, P.L. 364, as amended, 15 P.S. §  1308 and substituting the reference to the successor provision, Section 1508 of the Associations Code, 15 Pa.C.S. §  1508.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4023 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended December 27, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 26 Pa.B. 227; amended January 8, 2025, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 661. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (301358) and (255425).

Rule 4024. Effective Date. Pending Actions.
 The amendments promulgated November 20, 1978, effective April 15, 1979, shall apply to all actions pending on April 15, 1979.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4024 rescinded November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551, readopted December 14, 1979, effective January 5, 1980, 10 Pa.B. 34, amended January 4, 1980, effective January 5, 1980, 10 Pa.B. 215. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (40176).

Rule 4025. Abolition of Practice and Procedure under Repealed Statutes.
 The practice and procedure provided in all former Acts of Assembly governing depositions and discovery, which have been repealed by the Judiciary Act Repealer Act (JARA), act of April 28, 1978, No. 53 and which are now part of the common law of the Commonwealth by virtue of Section 3(b) of JARA, are hereby abolished and shall not continue as part of the common law of the Commonwealth.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4025 amended November 20, 1978, effective April 16, 1979, 8 Pa.B. 3551; amended December 27, 1995, effective January 1, 1996, 26 Pa.B. 227. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (134437).























~

THE COURTS
Title 231—RULES OF
CIVIL PROCEDURE
PART II. ORPHANS' COURT RULES
[ 231 PA. CODE PART II ]
Order Rescinding and Replacing Rules 1.1 through 13.3 and Rule 17 and Amending Rules 14.1 through 16.12 of the Orphans' Court Rules; No. 682 Supreme Court Rules Doc.
[45 Pa.B. 7098]
[Saturday, December 19, 2015]
Amended Order
Per Curiam

 And Now, this 1st day of December, 2015, upon the recommendation of the Orphans' Court Procedural Rules Committee; the proposal having been published for public comment at 43 Pa.B. 2010 (April 13, 2013):

 It Is Ordered pursuant to Article V, Section 10 of the Constitution of Pennsylvania that:

 1) Rules 1.1 through 13.3 and Rule 17 of the Pennsylvania Orphans' Court Rules are rescinded and replaced; and

 2) Rules 14.1 through 16.12 of the Pennsylvania Orphans' Court Rules are amended;

 in the following form. This Order shall be processed in accordance with Pa.R.J.A. No. 103(b) and shall be effective September 1, 2016 for all legal papers and pleadings filed as of that date.

Annex A
TITLE 231. RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE
PART II. ORPHANS' COURT RULES
RULE 1. [JUDGES—LOCAL RULES] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 1 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code pages 1-1 to 1-2, serial pages (373431) and (373432), is reserved.)

Rules 1.1—1.3. (Reserved).
RULE 2. [CONSTRUCTION AND APPLICATION OF RULES] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 2 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code page 2-1, serial page (307573), is reserved.)

Rules 2.1—2.3. (Reserved).
RULE 3. [PLEADING AND PRACTICE] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 3 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code pages 3-1—3-5, serial pages (370011), (370012) and (307577)—(307579), is reserved.)

Rules 3.1—3.7. (Reserved).
RULE 4. [COMPUTATION OF TIME] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 4 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code page 4-1, serial page (236781), is reserved.)

Rules 4.1—4.3. (Reserved).
RULE 5. [NOTICE] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 5 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code pages 5-1—5-4, serial pages (323245)—(323248), is reserved.)

Rules 5.1—5.6. (Reserved).
RULE 6. [ACCOUNTS AND DISTRIBUTION] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 6 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code pages 6-1—6-5, serial pages (326689)—(326691) and (323253)—(323255), is reserved.)

Rules 6.1—6.12. (Reserved).
RULE 7. [EXCEPTIONS] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 7 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code pages 7-1—7-3, serial pages (272413)—(272415), is reserved.)

Rules 7.1 and 7.2. (Reserved).
RULE 8. [AUDITORS AND MASTERS] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 8 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code pages 8-1 to 8-2, serial pages (236797) and (236798), is reserved.)

Rules 8.1—8.8. (Reserved).
RULE 9. [OFFICIAL EXAMINERS] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 9 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code page 9-1, serial page (236799), is reserved.)

Rule 9.1. (Reserved).
RULE 10. [REGISTER OF WILLS] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 10 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code page 10-1, serial page (323257), is reserved.)

Rules 10.1 and 10.2. (Reserved).
RULE 11. [JURY TRIALS] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 11 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code page 11-1, serial page (276615), is reserved.)

Rules 11.1 and 11.2. (Reserved).
RULE 12. [SPECIAL PETITIONS] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 12 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code pages 12-1—12-8, serial pages (276617)—(276624), is reserved.)

Rules 12.1—12.15. (Reserved).
RULE 13. [DISTRIBUTION; SPECIAL SITUATIONS] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 13 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code page 13-1, serial page (276625), is reserved.)

Rules 13.1—13.3. (Reserved).
RULE 17. [SHORT TITLE] (Reserved)
 (Editor's Note: Rule 17 of the Orphans' Court Rules, which appears in 231 Pa. Code page 17-1, serial page (323267), is reserved.)

Rule 17.1. (Reserved).
 (Editor's Note: Chapters I—X are new and printed in regular type to enhance readability.)

CHAPTER I. PRELIMINARY RULES
Rule

1.1.	Short Title and Citation.
1.2.	Construction and Application of Rules.
1.3.	Definitions.
1.4.	Extension of Time Limitations.
1.5.	Local Rules.
1.6.	Mediation by Agreement, Local Rule, or Court Order.
1.7.	Entry and Withdrawal of Counsel.
1.8.	Forms.
Rule 1.1. Short Title and Citation.
 These Rules shall be known as the Pennsylvania Orphans' Court Rules, shall be referred to individually herein as ''Rule,'' and cited as ''Pa.O.C. Rule ______ .''

 Note: Rule 1.1 is substantively similar to former Rule 17.

Rule 1.2. Construction and Application of Rules.
 (a) The Rules adopted by the Supreme Court regulating the practice and procedure of the Orphans' Court Divisions of this Commonwealth and the local rules adopted by such courts shall be liberally construed to secure the just, timely and efficient determination of every action or proceeding to which they are applicable. The court at every stage of any action or proceeding may disregard any error or defect of procedure that does not affect the substantive rights of the parties in interest.

 (b) The principles of interpretation and related matters set forth in Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 102 through 153 inclusive, with the exception of Pa.R.C.P. No. 126, shall apply to these Rules.

 Note: Rule 1.2(a) is identical to former Rule 2.1. Rule 1.2(b) is new.

 Explanatory Comment: The Orphans' Court Division exercises equitable powers and applies equitable principles. Estate of Hahn, 369 A.2d 1290, 1291-92 (Pa. 1977); Estate of Freihofer, 174 A.2d 282, 284 (Pa. 1961).

 The question frequently arises as to the effect and use of the notes and explanatory comments which are issued with the Orphans' Court Rules. Notes and explanatory comments are not part of the Rules but they may be used in construing the Rules. The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has stated in Laudenberger v. Port Authority of Allegheny County, 436 A.2d 147, 151 (Pa. 1981):

These explanatory notes have not been officially adopted or promulgated by this Court, nor do they constitute part of the rule. However, they indicate the spirit and motivation behind the drafting of the rule, and they serve as guidelines for understanding the purpose for which the rule was drafted.
Rule 1.3. Definitions.
 The following words and phrases when used in these Rules shall have the following meanings, respectively, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise or the particular word or phrase is expressly defined in the Chapter in which the particular Rule is included:

 ''Accountant''—a fiduciary or other party who has filed an Account;

 ''Account''—a financial report by a fiduciary of the principal and income transactions in the form prescribed by Rule 2.1, excluding the annual reports of Guardians;

 ''Adult''—an individual eighteen years of age or over;

 ''Clerk''—the Clerk of the Orphans' Court Division or its equivalent;

 ''Commonwealth''—the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;

 ''Court''—the Orphans' Court Division of the Court of Common Pleas or any judge thereof having jurisdiction;

 ''Electronic Filing''—the electronic transmission via the internet of a legal paper to the clerk;

 ''Facsimile copy''—a copy of a document transmitted and received by facsimile equipment;

 ''Fiduciary''—an agent under a power of attorney, custodian under the Uniform Transfers to Minors Act, personal representative, guardian, trustee, guardian ad litem, or trustee ad litem, and any other person acting in any similar capacity, whether domiciliary or ancillary, individual or corporate, subject to the jurisdiction of the court;

 ''Filing Party''—a party, or an attorney acting on behalf of a party, who files a legal paper;

 ''Guardian''—a fiduciary who has the care and management of the estate, the person, or both, of a minor or an incapacitated person;

 ''Guardian ad litem or Trustee ad litem''—a fiduciary who is appointed by a court in a legal proceeding to represent an individual or class of individuals under a legal disability;

 ''Incapacitated Person''—a person determined to be incapacitated under the provisions of Chapter 55 of Title 20 (relating to incapacitated persons);

 ''Interested Party''—one or more individuals or entities having or claiming an interest in the estate, trust, person or other entity that is the subject of the legal proceeding;

 ''Legal Paper''—a document that is filed with the court;

 ''Local Rule''—every Rule promulgated in accordance with Rule 1.5;

 ''Majority''—when used in reference to age, means of the age of eighteen years or over;

 ''Minor''—an individual under the age of eighteen years;

 ''Motion''—if in writing, a legal paper that must be signed, but does not need to be verified, does not plead any facts not of record, and does not require the court to obtain jurisdiction over an Interested Party;

 ''Objector''—an individual or entity filing objections to an Account and/or Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution pursuant to Rule 2.7;

 ''Personal Representative''—the executor or administrator of any description of a decedent's estate;

 ''Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution''—a uniform, statewide form promulgated by the Supreme Court used in conjunction with the filing of an Account (see Appendix of forms);

 ''Pleading''—a type of legal paper that must be signed and verified in accordance with Rules 3.12 and 3.13 and includes, but is not limited to, petitions, answers, replies, and certain preliminary objections;

 ''Publication''—the publication in a newspaper of general circulation where such newspaper is originally issued and circulated;

 ''Register of Wills'' or ''Register''—the Register of Wills or its equivalent having jurisdiction or authority to probate wills and grant letters as provided by 20 Pa.C.S. § 901;

 ''Supreme Court''—the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth;

 ''Verified''—when used in reference to a written statement of fact, means supported by the signer's oath or affirmation or made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. § 4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

 Note: This definitional section is new; but, some of the definitions are substantively identical to the definitions in former Rule 2.3 and other definitions are taken from and are similar to Pa.R.C.P. No. 76.

Rule 1.4. Extension of Time Limitations.
 The court, upon its own motion or the motion of any party, may extend any time period prescribed by these Rules.

 Note: Rule 1.4 is identical to former Rule 2.2.

Rule 1.5. Local Rules.
 (a) All previously promulgated local rules are hereby vacated, effective September 1, 2016, except for those local rules promulgated under Chapter 14 regarding guardianship of incapacitated persons, Chapter 15 regarding adoptions, and Chapter 16 regarding proceedings pursuant to section 3206 of the Abortion Control Act.

 (b) The Orphans' Court Divisions of the several judicial districts of this Commonwealth may adopt local rules regulating practice and procedure. Such local rules shall not be inconsistent with these Rules.

 (c) The local rules applicable to practice in the Civil or Trial Division of the local Court of Common Pleas shall not be applicable in the Orphans' Court Division unless so directed by these Rules or by local rule adopted by the court of the particular judicial district in accordance with this Rule.

 (d) When a local rule corresponds to a Rule, the local rule shall be given a number that corresponds to the number of these Rules.

 (e) All proposed local rules and proposed amendments to local rules shall be submitted in writing to the Supreme Court Orphans' Court Procedural Rules Committee (''Committee'') for review in advance of becoming effective. The submitting court shall not adopt the proposed local rule or proposed amendment to the local rule until the submitting court receives written notification from the Committee that the proposed local rule or the proposed amendment to the local rule is not inconsistent with these Rules.

 (f) After written notification is received from the Committee, the submitting court shall comply with all the following requirements:

 (1) The local rule shall be set forth in writing;

 (2) One certified paper copy of the local rule shall be filed with the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts;

 (3) Two certified paper copies of the local rule and a computer diskette or a CD-ROM that complies with requirements of 1 Pa. Code § 13.11(b), or an agreed-upon alternate format, containing the text of the local rule shall be distributed to the Legislative Reference Bureau for publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin;

 (4) A copy of the local rule shall be published on the Unified Judicial System's website through the Pennsylvania Judiciary's Web Application Portal, currently http://ujsportal.pacourts.us/localrules/ruleselection.aspx; and   

 (5) The local rule shall be kept continuously available in the office of the clerk for public inspection and copying by any person. Upon request and the payment of reasonable costs for reproduction and mailing, the clerk shall furnish to any person a copy of any local rule.

 (g) A local rule shall become effective only upon publication on the Pennsylvania Judiciary's Web Application Portal and not less than thirty days after the date of publication of the local rule in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.

 (h) No case shall be dismissed nor request for relief granted or denied because of the failure to comply with a local rule. In any case of noncompliance with a local rule, the court shall advise the party of the specific provision at issue and provide a reasonable time for the party to comply with the local rule. Subsequent noncompliance may result in court-imposed sanctions.

 (i) The Committee may at any time recommend that the Supreme Court suspend, vacate, or require amendment of a local rule.

 Note: Rule 1.5 is new; but, the procedures for promulgating local rules are based upon former Rule 1.2 and have been modeled after those found in Pa.R.Crim.P. 105. The Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts maintains a web site containing the texts of local rules at http://www.pacourts.us/T/SpecialCourts/LocalRules.htm.

 Explanatory Comment: After the court has alerted the party to the local rule pursuant to subparagraph (h), the court may impose a sanction for subsequent noncompliance either on the individual party or counsel who has entered a written appearance on behalf of a party, but may not dismiss the petition, or grant or deny relief because of noncompliance with the local rule. Cf. Pa.R.Crim.P. 105 Comment.

Rule 1.6. Mediation by Agreement, Local Rule, or Court Order.
 All parties having an interest in a matter may participate by written agreement, or the court by local rule or order in a particular matter may provide for the parties to participate, in private mediation or in court-supervised mediation.

 Note: Rule 1.6 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules.

 Explanatory Comment: The confidentiality of mediation is provided by statute, See 42 Pa.C.S. § 5949.

Rule 1.7. Entry and Withdrawal of Counsel.
 (a) Appearance. Any counsel appearing before the court or the Register shall enter a written appearance by any one of the following means:

 (1) filing an entry of appearance with the clerk or the Register;

 (2) signing a legal paper that is filed with the clerk or the Register; or

 (3) as prescribed by local rule, which may include submitting an appearance slip to the court, entering counsel's information when a legal paper is filed, or signing a cover sheet.

 (b) Withdrawal. Counsel who has entered an appearance before the court as provided in subparagraph (a) shall not be permitted to withdraw without filing a petition to withdraw and obtaining the court's leave, unless co-counsel, if any, will continue representing the party or there is a simultaneous entry of appearance by other counsel that will not delay the litigation.

 Note: Rule 1.7 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is based upon many local rules of similar import.

 Explanatory Comment: Admission pro hac vice in accordance with Pennsylvania Bar Admission Rule 301 shall proceed by request, the disposition and content of which shall conform to the requirements of Pennsylvania Rule of Civil Procedure No. 1012.1.

Rule 1.8. Forms.
 (a) The forms approved by the Supreme Court for statewide practice and procedure before the Registers and courts shall be used exclusively by all Registers and clerks. Where a Supreme Court-approved form exists, no other form shall be allowed or required by local rule or practice.

 (b) The forms approved by the Supreme Court for statewide practice are set forth in an Appendix to these Rules. The forms may be revised and supplemented from time to time. The forms shall also be maintained for public access at the official website of the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts.

 (c) A court may require a legal paper to be accompanied by a cover sheet or checklist. A court that imposes such requirements must promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 1.8(c), stating the requirements and setting forth the form of the cover sheet or checklist.

 Note: Rule 1.8 is substantively similar to former Rule 1.3, but with some modifications.

 Explanatory Comment: Rule 1.8 has been modified from former Rule 1.3 by now mandating the exclusive use of statewide forms promulgated by the Supreme Court. Previously, forms approved or mandated for use pursuant to local rule could be accepted by the local register and clerk so long as the local register and clerk also permitted and accepted forms promulgated by the Supreme Court. Now, if the Supreme Court has promulgated or approved a form for use before the register or clerk, then such form is the only one that may be used by the applicant or petitioner and is the only one that can be accepted by the local register or clerk. The mandatory statewide forms are set forth in the Appendix attached hereto. The current website for electronic access to the forms is found at www.pacourts.us/forms under the For-the-Public category. The forms posted on the website are capable of on-line completion.

CHAPTER II. ACCOUNTS, OBJECTIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS
Rule

2.1.	Form of Account.
2.2.	Form; Assets Transferred by the Exercise of a Power of Appointment.
2.3.	Form; Separate Accounts for Minors.
2.4.	Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution; Virtual Representation.
2.5.	Notice of Account Filing.
2.6.	Filing with the Clerk.
2.7.	Objections to Accounts or Petitions for Adjudication/Statements of Proposed Distribution.
2.8.	Pleadings Allowed After Objections are Filed.
2.9.	Confirmation of Accounts; Awards.
2.10.	Foreign Heirs and Unknown Distributees.
2.11.	Appointment of Official Examiners.
Rule 2.1. Form of Account.
 (a) Except where otherwise provided by an order of the court in a particular matter, Accounts shall be prepared and filed with the clerk in conformity with the form of the Model Accounts set forth in the Appendix or in conformity with any other form adopted by the Supreme Court subsequent to the date of adoption of these Rules.

 (b) As illustrated in the Model Accounts, Accounts shall conform to the following rules:

 (1) The dates of all receipts, disbursements and distributions, the sources of the receipts, and the persons to whom disbursements and distributions are made and the purpose thereof shall be stated. When a number of payments have been received from the same source or disbursed or distributed to the same recipient for the same purpose over a period of time, such receipts, disbursements or distributions need not be itemized, but may be stated in total amounts only, with beginning and ending dates within the period covered.

 (2) Except where otherwise provided by an order of the court in a particular matter, principal and income shall be accounted for separately within the Account.

 (3) Assets held by the accountant on the closing date of the Account shall be separately itemized.

 (4) Every Account shall contain:

 (i) a cover page;

 (ii) a summary page with page references;

 (iii) separate schedules, as needed, which set forth receipts, gains or losses on sales or other dispositions, disbursements, distributions, investments made, changes in holdings, and other schedules as appropriate; and

 (iv) signature and verification pages signed by all the accountants stating the Account and verified by at least one of the accountants. The verification of a personal representative's Account shall contain a statement that the Grant of Letters and the first complete advertisement thereof occurred more than four months before the filing of the Account, unless the personal representative has been directed by the court to file an Account prior to that time.

 (c) The Uniform Fiduciary Accounting Principles with accompanying commentaries and illustrations, recommended by the Committee on National Fiduciary Accounting Standards in collaboration with the National Center for State Courts, shall serve as an elaboration of the requirements of this Rule.

 (d) When a non-profit corporation incorporated for charitable purposes or a cemetery company is required to file an Account, such corporation or company may file its financial statements for its three most recent fiscal years in lieu of filing an Account in the form required by this Rule. Financial statements shall be verified to be true and correct by a representative of the non-profit corporation or cemetery company.

 (1) The court may require the corporation or company to submit its financial information in some other form or for some longer period.

 (2) The court may require more or less financial information as it deems appropriate, including some or all of the following:

 (i) the statute or other authority under which the corporation or company was incorporated and the date of its incorporation;

 (ii) the names and addresses of the trustees or directors of the corporation or company;

 (iii) a concise statement of the general purpose of the corporation or company; and

 (iv) a copy of the corporation's or company's charter or articles of incorporation and bylaws.

 Note: Rule 2.1 is substantively similar to former Rule 6.1 and Rule 12.15, except that certain subparagraphs have been reordered and Rule 12.15 and its Official Note have become subparagraph (d).

 Explanatory Comment: Piggy-backed Accounts and limited Accounts are permitted pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 762, 3501.2, and 7799.1.

Rule 2.2. Form; Assets Transferred by the Exercise of a Power of Appointment.
 Assets that are appointed pursuant to the exercise of a power of appointment shall be accounted for separately, and testamentary assets shall be segregated from appointive assets.

 Note: Rule 2.2 has been revised but remains substantively similar to subparagraph (d) of former Rule 6.1.

Rule 2.3. Form; Separate Accounts for Minors.
 Unless the court for cause shown directs otherwise, the estate of each minor or the custodial account of each minor shall be accounted for separately.

 Note: Rule 2.3 is substantively similar to former Rule 6.2, except that Rule 2.3 now also expressly encompasses the Account of a minor's custodial account.

Rule 2.4. Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution; Virtual Representation.
 (a) A petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution shall be filed with the clerk at the time of filing an Account.

 (b) In addition to other information required by the form, the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution shall set forth the name of each interested party (whether sui juris or not) who is not receiving notice of the filing of the Account and the filing of the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution because another individual or entity is proposed to represent such interested party pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 751(6) or §§ 7721—7726, and shall set forth additional facts as to the following:

 (1) a statement of the interested party's interest in the property; and

 (2) for representation being proposed pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 751(6),

 (i) a statement that the interested party is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained; and

 (ii) one of the following:

 (A) a statement that the proposed representative has an interest in the property similar to that of the interested party who is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained; or

 (B) a statement that the proposed representative is the sui juris living ancestor of the interested party who is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained and that such living sui juris ancestor has an interest in the property that is not adverse to that of the interested party who is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained; and

 (3) for representation in trust matters being proposed pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 7721—7726,

 (i) an explanation about how the interested party's interest in the property can be adequately represented by the proposed representative pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 7723,

 (ii) a statement that with respect to the matter at issue there is no conflict of interest between the proposed representative and the interested party to be represented that will or might affect the impartiality of the proposed representative (except as provided pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 7723(7)); and

 (iii) one of the following:

 (A) either a statement that the proposed representative has been informed of the right to decline such representation pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 7725 within the time period set forth therein and has failed to inform the trustee in writing that he or she declines to be the proposed representative; or

 (B) that the proposed representative's signed consent to serve is attached as an exhibit to the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution.

 (c) The petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution shall be accompanied by such legal paper as is required by the form.

 (d) At least one of the accountants stating the Account shall sign and verify the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution in accordance with Rules 3.12 and 3.13.

 (e) Counsel for the accountant shall sign the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution in accordance with and pursuant to Rule 3.12.

 Note: Although substantially modified, Rule 2.4 is derived from former Rule 6.9. One modification is to require averments for virtual representation under 20 Pa.C.S. § 751(6) generally and representation in ''trust matters'' pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 7721 et seq. Another substantial modification is the addition of subparagraph (e) that requires counsel to sign the petition for adjudication/statement of distribution attesting that the submitted petition for adjudication/statement of distribution accurately replicates the Model Form and subjects counsel to rules and sanctions as provided in Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1023.1 through 1023.4. (See Rule 3.12.)

 Explanatory Comment: The Supreme Court has adopted form petitions for adjudication/statements of proposed distribution of a decedent's estate, trust, guardian of an incapacitated person's estate, guardian of a minor's estate, and the estate of a principal stated by an agent under a power of attorney. These form petitions for adjudication/statements of proposed distribution are the exclusive forms for adjudicating an Account, and consequently, the local court and clerk must accept these statewide forms and may not accept or allow any other forms previously permitted under local rules. The exclusive statewide form petitions for adjudication/statements of proposed distribution appear in the Appendix and are available electronically at www.pacourts.us/forms under the For-the-Public category.

 Cover sheets or checklists may be required by local rule as permitted by Rule 1.8(c).

Rule 2.5. Notice of Account Filing.
 (a) No Account shall be confirmed or statement of proposed distribution approved unless the accountant has given written notice of the filing of the Account as provided in subparagraph (d) of this Rule to the following, as applicable:

 (1) every unpaid claimant who has given written notice of his or her claim to the accountant or who has performed any action that is the equivalent of giving written notice as provided in 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 3384 or 7755;

 (2) any other individual or entity with an asserted claim known to the accountant that is not shown in either the Account or the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution as being either paid in full or to be paid in full;

 (3) any other individual or entity known to the accountant to have or claim an interest in the estate or trust as a beneficiary, heir, or next of kin, except for those legatees or claimants whose legacies or claims have been satisfied in full as reflected in the Account or will be satisfied in full as proposed in the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution; and

 (4) For an Account where a charitable interest is involved, refer to Rule 4.4.

 (b) Notice to an individual or entity shall be given in accordance with Rule 4.2; provided, however, that if the individual or entity is represented by counsel who has entered his or her appearance in accordance with Rule 1.7(a), notice shall be given to counsel and the individual or entity.

 (c) If the proposed distribution is to an estate or trust and a charity is a ''qualified beneficiary,'' as defined in 20 Pa.C.S. § 7703, of that recipient estate or trust, then notice shall be given to the Attorney General on behalf of the charitable beneficiary. If the proposed distribution is to an estate or trust and any one of the accountants stating the Account is a personal representative or a trustee of the recipient estate or trust, then notice shall also be given to the beneficiaries of the estate or trust, to the extent known.

 (d) Written notice, as provided in subparagraph (a) of this Rule, shall be mailed at least 20 days prior to the audit in those counties having a separate Orphans' Court Division or 20 days prior to the date by which objections must be filed in all other counties, and the written notice shall state the date of the audit or the date by which objections must be filed, and the time and place of the audit, if one is to be held, to the extent then known. If an audit is to be held and the time and place of the audit is not known at the time the notice is mailed, the notice shall state that the time and place of the audit will be provided upon request. A copy of the Account, petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution, and any legal paper filed therewith shall be sent with the notice, unless the recipient of the notice is a trust beneficiary who is not a ''qualified beneficiary'' as defined in 20 Pa.C.S. § 7703, or unless the court orders otherwise in a particular matter.

 (e) If the audit of an Account is continued or the date for filing written objections is extended, additional notice shall be mailed at least 20 days prior to the date of the continued audit or the new date for filing written objections to all of those who initially received notice of the Account's filing. The additional notice shall state the date of the continued audit or the date by which objections must be filed, and the time and place of the continued audit, if one is to be held, to the extent then known. If the time and place of the continued audit is not known at the time the additional notice is mailed, the additional notice shall state that the time and place of the continued audit will be provided upon request.

 (f) All notices and additional notices shall be sent by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid. Service by mail is complete upon mailing.

 (g) A certificate of service and a copy of the notice shall be appended to the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution or filed with the clerk prior to the audit or continued audit date, in those counties having a separate Orphans' Court Division, or by the date when objections must be filed in all other counties.

 (h) The notice shall contain the information provided in subparagraphs (1), (2), and (3), as applicable, and, in all cases, shall contain a statement as provided in subparagraph (4):

 (1) the accountant's position on any known dispute or interpretation question, together with a copy of any instrument or material parts thereof containing any provision which forms the basis of the dispute or question;

 (2) the accountant's understanding of the nature of each contested or unpaid claim, a detailed explanation that specifically identifies the claim, whether the claim is admitted or contested, and if admitted, why the claim is not being paid in full;

 (3) if the Account and petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution is not sent with the notice pursuant to subparagraph (d) of this Rule, the notice shall state the amount of all compensation paid or payable to the accountant, all attorneys' fees paid or payable, and that copies of the Account and petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution are available upon request; and

 (4) that any recipient of the notice who objects to any transaction shown in the Account, any interpretation or position taken by the accountant, or to any payment, failure to pay, distribution proposed, or any other aspect of the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution must file written objections in accordance with Rule 2.7 with the clerk on or before the audit date in those counties holding an audit and by a specified date in all other counties, and if there is no such objection, then no action need be taken as such recipient will be deemed to have approved the Account, as stated, and agreed with the accountant's position on any dispute or question as set forth in the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution, if any, and with the accountant's proposed disbursements and distribution.

 Note: Although substantially modified, Rule 2.5 is derived from former Rule 6.3.

 Explanatory Comment: Pursuant to the cross-references to 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 3384 and 7755, notice of the claim given to accountant's counsel of record is notice to the accountant. See 20 Pa.C.S. § 3384(b)(4). If the court is inclined not to agree with accountant's position, interpretation or proposed disbursements and distribution, best practice would be for the court to direct the accountant to notify the interested parties of the court's position and what additional action must be taken by any interested party who objects to the court's position.

Rule 2.6. Filing with the Clerk.
 All Accounts shall be filed with the clerk.

 Note: Rule 2.6 is derived from what was formerly Rule 6.6. Former Rule 6.4 regarding the time for filing the first Account of the personal representative has been deleted as it is codified in 20 Pa.C.S. § 3501.1.

Rule 2.7. Objections to Accounts or Petitions for Adjudication/Statements of Proposed Distribution.
 (a) Objections to an Account and/or a petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution shall be filed with the clerk on or before the time and date of the audit in those counties holding an audit, and by a specified date in all other counties, with a copy sent by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the accountant or the accountant's counsel, if represented, and to each interested party and claimant who received the notice pursuant to Rule 2.5, to the extent known.

 (b) Objections shall be in writing, with consecutively numbered paragraphs, signed by counsel, or if not represented by counsel, then by all the objectors in accordance with Rule 3.12. Objections shall be verified by at least one of the objectors in accordance with Rule 3.13.

 (c) Each objection shall:

 (1) be specific as to description and amount;

 (2) raise one issue of law or fact, but if there are several objections relating to the same issue, all such objections shall be included in the same paragraph as subparts; and

 (3) briefly set forth the reason or reasons in support thereof.

 (d) The court may extend the time for filing objections.

 Note: Although substantially modified, Rule 2.7 is derived from former Rule 6.10.

 Explanatory Comment: If the notice received by the objector has a service list appended to it setting forth the name and address of each interested party who received the notice under Rule 2.5, the objector must mail his or her objections to every name and address appearing on the service list.

Rule 2.8. Pleadings Allowed After Objections are Filed.
 (a) Answers to objections, preliminary objections to objections, and answers to preliminary objections are permitted, but a party does not waive any rights by failing to file any of the foregoing. If an answer to objections is filed, no responsive pleading to the answer is permitted.

 (b) Preliminary objections to objections shall be limited to lack of jurisdiction over the subject matter and lack of standing.

 (c) If filed, answers to objections, preliminary objections to objections, and answers to preliminary objections must be filed within 20 days after service of the applicable preceding pleading, with a copy served upon the accountant, if applicable, and to each interested party and claimant who received the notice pursuant to Rule 2.5, or to his or her counsel, if represented.

 (d) The court may summarily decide preliminary objections to objections and may do so prior to the filing of an answer to the preliminary objections.

 Note: Rule 2.8 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules.

 Explanatory Comment: Preliminary objections to objections are limited in the grounds that may be raised. Insufficient specificity, failure to conform to law, and the inclusion of scandalous or impertinent matter, inter alia, are not properly raised as preliminary objections to objections. (Cf. Rule 3.9 and Pa.R.C.P. No. 1028).

Rule 2.9. Confirmation of Accounts; Awards.
 (a) An Account shall be confirmed or petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution approved when an adjudication or a decree of distribution is issued by the court and docketed by the clerk, expressly confirming the Account or approving the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution and specifying, or indicating by reference to the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution, the names of those to whom the balance available for distribution is awarded and the amount or share awarded to each.

 (b) An adjudication confirming an Account discharges the fiduciaries as to those transactions set forth in the Account.

 (c) The practice related to Schedules of Distribution shall be prescribed by local rule.

 Note: Rule 2.9 is substantively similar to former Rule 6.11(a). Former Rule 6.11(b) has been deleted.

Rule 2.10. Foreign Heirs and Unknown Dis- tributees.
 (a) If it appears that the decedent may have heirs in a foreign country but their location, existence or identity is unknown, the accountant or his or her counsel shall notify the consulate of the country, prior to audit, of the facts indicating that the decedent may have had heirs in that country.

 (b) Whenever the existence, identity or whereabouts of a distributee is unknown, or it appears that a distributee may not have the actual benefit, use, enjoyment or control of the money or other property if awarded to him or her, or the court is requested to withhold distribution or to make an award other than to the distributee or his or her nominee, the accountant or his or her counsel shall submit to the court or auditor, as the case may be, a written report outlining the investigation made and the facts relevant thereto. The report shall be in such form and may be filed at such place and time as shall be prescribed by local rule or order of the court.

 Note: With only minor modifications, Rule 2.10 is substantively similar to former Rules 13.2 and 13.3. Former Rule 13.1 has been deleted.

Rule 2.11. Appointment of Official Examiners.
 The court, by local rule or order in a particular matter, may appoint an official examiner who shall examine the assets held by or the transactions of any fiduciary.

 Note: Rule 2.11 is substantively identical to former Rule 9.1. The appointment and conduct of Auditors and Masters is provided for in Chapter IX.

CHAPTER III. PETITION PRACTICE AND PLEADING
Part

A.	Petition Practice
B.	Responsive Pleadings
C.	Pleadings in General
Part A. Petition Practice
Rule

3.1.	Petitions Generally.
3.2.	Headings; Captions.
3.3.	Contents of All Pleadings; General and Specific Averments.
3.4.	Form of Petition; Exhibits; Consents; Signing and Verification.
3.5.	Mode of Proceeding on Petition.
Rule 3.1. Petitions Generally.
 Matters may be raised before the court by written petition filed with the clerk in conformity with these Rules. Petitions for adjudication/statements of proposed distribution shall be governed by Chapter II.

 Note: Rule 3.1 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules.

 Explanatory Comment: The filing of an Account provides the procedure for raising questions related to the administration or distribution of an estate or trust, including a guardianship or minor's estate as well as a decedent's estate. Application to the Orphans' Court Division may also be commenced by a petition that is verified or attested by an affidavit. See 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 761, 762.

Rule 3.2. Headings; Captions.
 Pleadings shall include the docket number, if one has been assigned to the matter by the clerk or Register, and shall include a heading identifying the type of pleading filed, and in the case of a petition, identifying the nature of the relief requested therein. In those counties having a separate Orphans' Court Division, pleadings shall be captioned ''Court of Common Pleas of ______ County, Orphans' Court Division''.

 Note: Rule 3.2 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1018.

Rule 3.3. Contents of All Pleadings; General and Specific Averments.
 The following rules shall apply to all pleadings:

 (a) Every pleading shall be divided into consecutively numbered paragraphs. Each paragraph shall contain as far as practicable only one material allegation.

 (b) The material facts on which a cause of action or defense is based shall be stated in a concise and summary form.

 (c) Averments of fraud or mistake shall be averred with particularity. Malice, intent, knowledge, and other conditions of mind may be averred generally.

 (d) In pleading the performance or occurrence of conditions precedent, it is sufficient to aver generally that all conditions precedent have been performed or have occurred. A denial of such performance or occurrence shall be made specifically and with particularity.

 (e) In pleading an official document or official act, it is sufficient to identify it by reference and aver that the document was issued or the act done in compliance with law.

 (f) In pleading a judgment, order or decision of a domestic or foreign court, judicial or administrative tribunal, or board, commission or officer, it is sufficient to aver the judgment, order or decision without setting forth matter showing jurisdiction to render it.

 (g) Averments of time and place shall be specifically stated.

 (h) Any part of a pleading may be incorporated by reference in another part of the same pleading or in another pleading in the same action. A party may incorporate by reference any matter of record in any state or federal court of record whose records are within the county in which the action is pending, or any matter which is recorded or transcribed verbatim in the office of the prothonotary, clerk of any court of record, recorder of deeds or Register of such county.

 (i) When any claim or defense is based upon an agreement, the pleading shall state specifically if the agreement is oral or written.

 (j) When any claim or defense is based upon a writing, the pleading shall have attached to it a copy of the writing, or the material part thereof, but if the writing or copy is not accessible to the pleader, it is sufficient so to state, identifying the reason therefor, and setting forth the substance of the writing.

 Note: Rule 3.3 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 206.1(c) and Pa.R.C.P. No. 1019.

Rule 3.4. Form of Petition; Exhibits; Consents; Signing and Verification.
 (a) In addition to the requirements of Rules 3.2 and 3.3, a petition shall set forth:

 (1) a title indicating briefly the purpose of the petition;

 (2) a concise statement of the facts relied upon to establish the court's jurisdiction and to justify the relief requested;

 (3) the questions of law with respect to the petition and the relief requested;

 (4) if the trust includes a charitable interest for which notice is required under Rule 4.4, whether the Office of the Attorney General has been given notice, whether the Office of the Attorney General has issued a statement of no objection to the petition, or the reason for failing to give the Office of the Attorney General notice;

 (5) the names and addresses of every interested party who has an interest in the matter that is the subject of the petition;

 (6) the name of any individual who is an interested party but is not sui juris, along with the following information:

 (i) the name and address of the guardian, agent under power of attorney, or another individual being proposed to represent such individual, if any;

 (ii) if such individual is a minor and no guardian has been appointed for such minor's estate, the minor's age, the names and addresses of his or her parents, and the individual with whom he or she resides or the facility at which he or she resides; and

 (iii) if the non-sui juris individual is proposed to be represented in the matter at issue by another individual or entity pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 751(6) or 7721—7726, then subparagraph (7) of this Rule shall also apply;

 (7) the name of each interested party (whether sui juris or not) who is not receiving notice of the filing of the petition because another individual or entity is proposed to represent such interested party pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 751(6) or 7721—7726, and shall set forth additional facts as to the following:

 (i) a statement of the interested party's interest in the property; and

 (ii) for representation being proposed pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 751(6),

 (A) a statement that the interested party is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained; and

 (B) one of the following:

 (I) a statement that the proposed representative has an interest in the property similar to that of the interested party who is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained; or

 (II) a statement that the proposed representative is the sui juris living ancestor of the interested party who is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained and that such living sui juris ancestor has an interest in the property that is not adverse to that of the interested party who is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained; and

 (iii) for representation in trust matters being proposed pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 7721—7726,

 (A) an explanation about how the interested party's interest in the property can be adequately represented by the proposed representative pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 7723,

 (B) a statement that with respect to the matter at issue there is no conflict of interest between the proposed representative and the interested party to be represented that will or might affect the impartiality of the proposed representative (except as provided pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 7723(7)); and

 (C) one of the following:

 (I) either a statement that the proposed representative has been informed of the right to decline such representation pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 7725 within the time period set forth therein and has failed to inform the trustee in writing that he or she declines to be the proposed representative; or

 (II) that the proposed representative's signed consent to serve is attached as an exhibit to such petition; and

 (8) a prayer for the relief desired.

 (b) A proposed form of decree bearing the caption of the case and setting forth the relief requested in the prayer of the petition shall be attached to the front of the petition. In the case of a petition requiring a citation under Rule 3.5(a), a proposed form of preliminary decree for the issuance of the citation to the interested parties, subject to subparagraph (a)(7) of this Rule, shall also be attached to the front of the petition.

 (c) Petitioner shall attach to the petition such exhibits, consents or approvals as may be required by these Rules, applicable statute, or local rule. If the petitioner is unable to attach any necessary exhibit, consent or approval, the petition shall so state and identify the reason therefor.

 (d) The petition shall be verified by at least one of the petitioners in accordance with Rule 3.13 and signed by counsel, or if not represented by counsel, then signed by all the petitioners in accordance with Rule 3.12.

 Note: Rule 3.4 is based upon former Rule 3.3 and Rule 3.4, but has been modified to require averments for virtual representation under 20 Pa.C.S. § 751(6) generally and representation in ''trust matters'' pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 7721 et seq. Another modification is the addition of subparagraph (d) that requires petitioner's counsel to sign the petition, or all of the petitioners to sign the petition, if unrepresented, thereby subjecting these signatories to rules and sanctions as provided in Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1023.1 through 1023.4. (See Rule 3.12.)

Rule 3.5. Mode of Proceeding on Petition.
 (a) Citation Practice.

 (1) When personal jurisdiction is required and has not previously been obtained or conferred by statute, or when a citation is otherwise required by statute, the petition shall include a preliminary decree for the issuance of a citation to those interested parties for whom a citation is necessary to show cause why the relief requested in the petition should not be granted.

 (2) The citation to obtain personal jurisdiction and a copy of the petition shall be served upon each cited party at least 20 days before the date when a responsive pleading is due, in the same manner as service of original process under Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 402 through 404, Pa.R.C.P. No. 420, and Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 422 through 424 inclusive. If service cannot be made under the foregoing rules, the court may order service by publication in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. 430. Service of a citation as original process shall not be permitted by electronic means, unless agreed to by the respondent.

 (3) If the citation is not being issued in order to obtain personal jurisdiction over an interested party, the petition and the citation may be served by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, at least 20 days before the date when a responsive pleading is due.

 (4) If the citation and petition are not served at least 20 days before the date when a responsive pleading is due, the court, upon request, may authorize the reissuance of the citation.

 (5) Once the citation to obtain personal jurisdiction has been served upon the cited party by original process in accordance with subparagraph (a)(2), then notice of a rescheduled return date or any other rescheduled date for filing a responsive pleading or appearing before the court may be served by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, at least 20 days before such rescheduled date.

 (6) If an interested party (whether sui juris or not) is represented by another, the citation and petition shall be served upon the interested party's representative(s) pursuant to Rule 4.2.

 (7) Proof of service of the citation shall be filed with the clerk on or before the date when a responsive pleading is due.

 (8) Each interested party identified in the citation, or such interested party's representative identified in the citation, may file a responsive pleading in accordance with these Rules on or before the date provided in the citation.

 (b) Notice Practice.

 (1) In all cases where personal jurisdiction is not required or has been previously obtained, or conferred by statute, the petitioner shall, either in advance of filing or contemporaneously therewith, provide a copy of the petition to the interested parties identified in the petition. The petition shall have affixed to its first page a notice to plead that shall be substantially in the following form:

To: ______
You are hereby notified to file a written response to the (name of pleading) within twenty (20) days from the date of notice or on or before the date when the pleading is to be filed, whichever is later, or the court may deem that you have no objection to the relief requested therein and may grant such relief without further notice to you.
 (2) A certificate of service, listing the names and addresses of those individuals and entities receiving notice of the filing of the petition, shall be appended to, or filed contemporaneously with, the petition.

 (3) If an interested party (whether sui juris or not) is not receiving notice of the filing of the petition because he or she is represented by another, a copy of the petition shall be sent in accordance with subparagraph (b)(1) to the interested party's representative pursuant to Rule 4.2.

 (c) Consents/Statements of No Objection; Joinders.

 No citation or notice to plead is required where all individuals and/or entities identified in the petition as interested parties (or any representative thereof) satisfy one of the following:

 (1) they are named petitioners in the petition;

 (2) they filed joinders to the petition; or

 (3) they signed a document, that is attached to the petition as an exhibit, consenting to or stating that they have no objection to the relief requested in the petition.

 Note: Subparagraphs (a) and (b) of Rule 3.5 are derived from former Rule 3.5. The final sentence of subparagraph (a)(2) is identical to former Rule 3.7(h)(1); it merely has been relocated to this section. Subparagraphs (c) and (d) of this Rule have no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules.

 Explanatory Comment: Personal jurisdiction is conferred by statute in certain circumstances. See e.g., 20 Pa.C.S. § 7712. A sheriff does not need to serve the citation issued by the clerk; instead, any adult person may serve the citation and file the proof of service in accordance with subparagraph (a)(7) of this Rule 3.5. See 20 Pa.C.S. § 765. If a citation is not being issued with the petition, then the petition must be endorsed with a notice to plead. See Rule 3.5(b) and Pa.R.C.P. No. 1026. The court, by local rule or by order in a particular matter, may establish a procedure for rules to show cause as provided in Pa.R.C.P. No. 206.4 et seq.

Part B. Responsive Pleadings
Rule

3.6.	Pleadings Allowed After Petition.
3.7.	Time for Filing and Service of Responsive Pleadings.
3.8.	Headings of Responsive Pleadings.
3.9.	Preliminary Objections.
3.10.	Denials; Effect of Failure to Deny.
3.11.	Answer with New Matter.
Rule 3.6. Pleadings Allowed After Petition.
 Pleadings allowed after the filing of a petition are limited to:

 (a) an answer that can include new matter;

 (b) a reply, if an answer contains new matter;

 (c) preliminary objections to the petition as permitted by Rule 3.9;

 (d) an answer to preliminary objections; and

 (e) a petition to join one or more persons as parties to the proceeding and an answer thereto.

 Note: Rule 3.6 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is based, in part, on Pa.R.C.P. No. 1017.

 Explanatory Comment: Any interested party may file a new petition bringing a new issue or dispute before the court or seeking alternative relief in the same trust or estate. Motions are permitted in Orphans' Court Division, and this Rule 3.6 does not prohibit or limit motions practice.

Rule 3.7. Time for Filing and Service of Responsive Pleadings.
 (a) Unless the court orders otherwise, each interested party identified in the petition, or such interested party's representative identified in the petition, may file a responsive pleading in accordance with these Rules within 20 days of the date of notice or the date of the filing, whichever is later. A party residing outside of the United States shall have 60 days, rather than 20 days, within which to file a responsive pleading to the citation or the petition initiating the proceeding.

 (b) A copy of the responsive pleading shall be sent to the petitioner or his or her counsel, if represented, and all interested parties identified in the petition or counsel representing an interested party if so identified in the petition or in a subsequent pleading. A certificate of service, listing the names and addresses of those individuals and entities receiving a copy of the responsive pleading shall be appended to, or filed contemporaneously with, the responsive pleading.

 (c) A notice to plead in substantially the form provided in Rule 3.5(b)(1) shall be affixed to the first page of an answer that contains new matter and to the first page of preliminary objections which aver a fact that is not contained in the petition.

 (d) Regardless of the residency of any interested party, each subsequent pleading shall be filed within 20 days after service of the preceding pleading, but no pleading need be filed unless the preceding pleading included a notice to plead that complies with the requirements of Rule 3.5(b)(1).

 Note: Rule 3.7 is new, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1026.

 Explanatory Comment: The court, by local rule, may establish procedures for the disposition of matters after the pleadings are closed.

Rule 3.8. Headings of Responsive Pleadings.
 All responsive pleadings shall contain a heading identifying the name of the pleading to which it is responding.

 Note: Rule 3.8 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules.

Rule 3.9. Preliminary Objections.
 (a) General. Preliminary objections may be filed to any petition by any interested party or the interested party's representative.

 (b) Grounds for Preliminary Objections. Preliminary objections filed to any petition under the Rules of Chapter III are limited to the following grounds:

 (1) lack of jurisdiction over the subject matter of the action or lack of jurisdiction over the person, improper venue, or improper form of service;

 (2) failure of a pleading to conform to law or rule of court or inclusion of scandalous or impertinent matter;

 (3) insufficient specificity in a pleading;

 (4) legal insufficiency of a pleading (demurrer);

 (5) lack of standing or lack of capacity to sue, nonjoinder of a necessary party, or misjoinder of a cause of action; and

 (6) pendency of a prior action or agreement for alternative dispute resolution.

 (c) Form. All preliminary objections shall be raised at one time in one pleading, shall state specifically the grounds relied upon, and may be inconsistent.

 (d) Disposition of Preliminary Objections.

 (1) A party may file an amended pleading, without consent of any other party and without leave of court, within 20 days after service of the preliminary objections. If a party files an amended pleading, the preliminary objections to the original pleading shall be deemed moot.

 (2) In all other instances, the court shall determine promptly all preliminary objections. If an issue of fact is raised, the court shall consider evidence by deposition or otherwise.

 (e) Pleadings Allowed Subsequent to the Disposition of Preliminary Objections.

 (1) If the preliminary objections are overruled, the party who filed the preliminary objections shall have the right to file an answer within 20 days after entry of the order overruling the preliminary objections or within such other time as the court shall direct.

 (2) If the filing of an amended petition or a new petition is allowed or required, it shall be filed within 20 days after entry of the order concerning such amended or new petition or within such other time as the court shall direct.

 (3) New preliminary objections may be filed to any amended or new petition in accordance with this Rule.

 Note: Rule 3.9 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1028.

 Explanatory Comment: Preliminary objections raising an issue under subparagraphs (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), and in some instances (b)(1), may be determined from the facts of record so that further evidence is not required. In such situations, the court may summarily decide preliminary objections prior to the filing of an answer.

 Preliminary objections raising an issue under subparagraphs (b)(5) and (b)(6), and in some instances (b)(1), cannot be determined from the facts of record. In such situations, if the preliminary objections are not endorsed with a notice to plead in the form required by Rule 3.5(b)(1), no reply will be required under Rule 3.10, and the preliminary objections will be overruled.

 Pleadings may be amended only in accordance with subparagraphs (d)(1), (e)(2) or Rule 3.14.

 For preliminary objections to Objections to an Account, petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution or a notice, cf. Rule 2.8(b) for a more limited scope of permitted preliminary objections.

Rule 3.10. Denials; Effect of Failure to Deny.
 (a) A responsive pleading shall admit or deny each averment of fact in the preceding pleading or any part thereof. Admissions and denials in a responsive pleading shall refer specifically to the paragraph in which the averment admitted or denied is set forth. A party denying only a part of an averment shall specify so much of it as is admitted and shall deny the remainder.

 (b) Averments in a pleading to which a responsive pleading is required are admitted when not denied specifically or by necessary implication. A general denial or a demand for proof, except as provided by subparagraph (c) of this Rule, shall have the effect of an admission.

 (c) A statement by a party that after reasonable investigation the party is without knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth of an averment shall have the effect of a denial.

 (d) Averments in a pleading to which no responsive pleading is required shall be deemed to be denied.

 (e) A responsive pleading shall be signed by counsel, or if not represented by counsel, then by all the respondents in accordance with Rule 3.12. A responsive pleading that admits or denies any averment of fact shall be verified by at least one of the respondents in accordance with Rule 3.13.

 Note: Rule 3.10 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1029.

 Explanatory Comment: Reliance on subparagraph (c) does not excuse a failure to admit or deny a factual allegation when it is clear that the respondent must know whether a particular allegation is true or false. Cf. Cercone v. Cercone, 386 A.2d 1, 4 (Pa. Super. 1978).

Rule 3.11. Answer with New Matter.
 All applicable affirmative defenses shall be pleaded in the answer under the heading ''New Matter.'' A party may set forth as new matter any other material facts that are not merely denials of the averments of the preceding pleading.

 Note: Rule 3.11 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1030.

Part C. Pleadings in General
Rule

3.12.	Signing.
3.13.	Verification.
3.14.	Amendment.
3.15.	Pleading More Than One Cause of Action; Alternative Pleadings.
Rule 3.12. Signing.
 (a) Counsel who has entered an appearance for a party pursuant to Rule 1.7(a) shall sign every pleading and any brief or memorandum of law and shall include counsel's name and address. A party not represented by any counsel of record shall sign every pleading and any brief or memorandum of law and shall include the party's name, an address where legal paper may be served, and a telephone number.

 (b) If the legal paper includes a facsimile telephone number and/or email address, that party or his or her counsel agrees to accept service of legal paper by transmission of a facsimile copy or by electronic transmission.

 (c) By signing a legal paper, the party and counsel are subject to Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1023.1 through 1023.4. The court has authority to impose sanctions and grant relief in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. 1023.4.

 Note: Rule 3.12 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but subparagraphs (a) and (b) are derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1025. Rule 3.12(c) is based upon Pa.R.C.P. No. 1023.1 et seq.

 Explanatory Comment: The Explanatory Comments appearing after Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1023.1 and 1023.4 are fully incorporated by reference herein.

Rule 3.13. Verification.
 (a) Every pleading shall be verified, averring as true every fact not appearing of record in the action or containing a denial of fact based upon the signer's personal knowledge or information and belief. A pleading may be verified upon personal knowledge as to a part and upon information and belief as to the remainder. The signer need not aver the source of the information or expectation of ability to prove the averment or denial at the trial.

 (b) If a pleading contains averments that are inconsistent in fact, the verification shall state that the signer has been unable after reasonable investigation to ascertain which of the inconsistent averments, specifying them, are true but that the signer has knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief that one of them is true.

 (c) The verification shall be made by one or more of the parties filing the pleading unless all the parties (1) lack sufficient knowledge or information, or (2) are outside the jurisdiction of the court and the verification of none of them can be obtained within the time allowed for filing the pleading. In such cases, the verification may be made by any person having sufficient knowledge or information and belief and shall set forth the source of the person's information as to matters not stated upon his or her own knowledge and the reason why the verification is not made by a party.

 Note: Rule 3.13 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1024.

Rule 3.14. Amendment.
 A party may amend a pleading pursuant to Rule 3.9(d)(1), or at any other time, either by written consent of all other parties filed with the clerk or by leave of court. The amended pleading may aver transactions or occurrences that have happened before or after the filing of the original pleading. An amendment may be made to conform the pleading to the evidence offered or admitted.

 Note: Rule 3.14 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1033.

 Explanatory Comment: Rule 3.9(d)(1) provides for amending a pleading after the filing of preliminary objections.

Rule 3.15. Pleading More Than One Cause of Action; Alternative Pleadings.
 (a) More than one cause of action may be stated in a pleading. Each cause of action shall be stated in a separate count, preceded by a heading, and the count shall name the parties to that cause of action and shall contain a separate request for relief.

 (b) Causes of action and defenses may be pleaded in the alternative.

 Note: Rule 3.15 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1020.

CHAPTER IV. FORMAT AND SERVICE OF LEGAL PAPER BY PARTIES AND COURT; ELECTRONIC FILING
Rule

4.1.	Format of All Legal Paper.
4.2.	Citation or Notice to Individuals and Entities.
4.3.	Service of Legal Paper Other than Citations or Notices.
4.4.	Charities—Notice to the Attorney General.
4.5.	Service of Legal Paper by Court and Clerk.
4.6.	Notice of the Date of Entry of an Adjudication or Court Order on the Docket.
4.7.	Electronic Filing.
Rule 4.1. Format of All Legal Paper.
 All legal paper filed with the clerk must conform to the following requirements:

 (a) The document shall be on 8 1/2 inch by 11 inch paper.

 (b) The document shall be prepared on white paper (except for dividers and similar sheets) of good quality.

 (c) The text must be double spaced, but quotations more than two lines long may be indented and single-spaced. Margins must be at least one inch on all four sides.

 (d) The lettering shall be clear and legible and no smaller than point 12. The lettering shall be on only one side of a page, except that exhibits and similar supporting documents may be double-sided.

 Note: Rule 4.1 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 204.1.

 Explanatory Comment: Rule 4.1 governing the format of legal paper is modeled after Pa.R.C.P. No. 204.1 and thus is substantively identical to Pa.R.A.P. No. 124(a) and Pa.R.Crim.P. 575(C). See Explanatory Comment to Pa.R.C.P. No. 204.1. The goal is to foster uniformity in the formatting of legal paper filed in all judicial tribunals, regardless of the level of court or division of court; this uniformity, in turn, will promote the objective of the unified judicial system under the Constitution of 1968 and facilitate the statewide practice of law.

Rule 4.2. Citation or Notice to Individuals and Entities.
 (a) To individuals. Whenever a citation under Rule 3.5(a) is to be served or notice under Rule 2.5 or Rule 3.5(b) is to be given to an individual:

 (1) If the individual is sui juris, or if the individual has reached the age of 18 and is believed to be incapacitated (under the provisions of Chapter 55 of Title 20), but for whom no guardian is known to have been appointed by a Pennsylvania court or by the court of any other jurisdiction (including a guardian ad litem with respect to the matter at issue), then such notice or citation shall be provided:

 (i) to the individual; or

 (ii) if the individual will be represented with respect to the matter at issue by a representative under the provisions of 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 7721—7726, then such notice or citation may instead be provided to such representative, including notice as required by 20 Pa.C.S. § 7725 that each such representative may decline to act as a representative for the sui juris individual.

 (2) If the individual is not sui juris, or is unborn, unknown or unascertained, then such notice or citation shall be provided to such individual's representative with respect to the matter at issue under the provisions of 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 751(6) or 7721—7726, including notice required by 20 Pa.C.S. § 7725 that each such representative may decline to act as a representative for the individual; provided, however, that if a guardian or trustee ad litem has been appointed to represent such individual by the court having jurisdiction over the matter at issue, then such notice or citation shall also be provided to the guardian or trustee ad litem.

 (b) To entities. Whenever a citation under Rule 3.5(a) is to be served or notice under Rule 2.5 or Rule 3.5(b) is to be given to an entity, then such citation or notice shall be provided:

 (1) to the entity through the entity's duly authorized representative; or

 (2) if the entity will be represented with respect to the matter at issue by a representative under the provisions of 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 7721—7726, then such notice or citation may instead be provided to such representative, including notice as required by 20 Pa.C.S. § 7725 that each such representative may decline to act as a representative for the entity.

 (c) Counsel. If counsel has entered an appearance on behalf of an individual, entity or representative who would otherwise receive notice or a citation as provided under subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Rule, then such notice or citation shall instead be given to counsel, except as provided in Rule 2.5(b) wherein the notice must be given to both counsel and the individual, entity or representative.

 (d) Additional service or notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the court having jurisdiction over the matter determines that the representation is or might be inadequate, then the court may in its discretion direct to whom a citation or notice shall be provided.

 Note: Rule 4.2 is derived from former Rule 5.2, but has been substantially modified to address virtual representation under 20 Pa.C.S. § 751(6) generally and representation in ''trust matters'' pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 7721 et seq. Cf. Rule 2.5(b) for different requirements that the notice must be mailed to the individual or entity and to counsel representing such individual or entity.

Rule 4.3. Service of Legal Paper Other than Citations or Notices.
 (a) Copies of all pleadings, and any brief or memorandum of law in connection therewith, other than notices served pursuant to Rule 2.5 or citations served pursuant to Rule 3.5(a), filed in an action or served upon any party to an action shall be served upon every other party to the action. This service shall be made:

 (1) by handing, or mailing by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, a copy to, or leaving a copy for, each party at the address of the party's counsel of record listed on an entry of appearance or prior pleading of the party, or at such other address as a party may agree;

 (2) by transmitting a facsimile copy to the party's counsel of record as provided by subparagraph (c); or

 (3) by electronic transmission as provided in subparagraph (d).

 (b) If there is no attorney of record,

 (1) Service shall be made by handing a copy to the party or by mailing a copy to, or leaving a copy for, the party at the address listed on an entry of appearance or prior pleading or at the residence or place of business of the party, or by transmitting a facsimile copy as provided by subparagraph (c) or by electronic transmission as provided in subparagraph (d).

 (2) If such service cannot be made, service shall be made by leaving a copy at, or mailing a copy to, the last known address of the party to be served.

 (c)(1) A facsimile copy may be served if the parties agree thereto or if a facsimile telephone number is included on an entry of appearance or other legal paper previously filed with the court in the action.

 (2) A facsimile copy shall begin with a facsimile cover sheet containing:

 (i) the name, firm, address, telephone number, of both the party making service and the party served;

 (ii) the facsimile telephone number of the party making service and the facsimile telephone number to which the facsimile copy was transmitted;

 (iii) the title of the legal paper served; and

 (iv) the number of pages transmitted.

 (d) Service may be effected by electronic transmission if the parties agree thereto or if an email address is included on an entry of appearance or other legal paper previously filed with the court in the action.

 (e) Service by mail is complete upon mailing, and service by facsimile is complete when transmission is confirmed. Electronic service is complete when the legal paper is sent to the recipient's email address, or when the recipient is notified by email that a legal paper affecting the recipient has been filed and is available for review on the court's website.

 Note: Most of Rule 4.4 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is based on Pa.R.C.P. No. 440 with modifications. Subparagraph (d) of this Rule is identical to former Rule 3.7(h)(2); it merely has been reformatted and relocated to this Chapter IV.

 Explanatory Comment: The Notes and Explanatory Comment appearing after Pa.R.C.P. No. 440 are fully incorporated by reference herein. Service of legal papers as provided in Rule 4.3 can occur even if the local judicial district has not implemented electronic filing.

Rule 4.4. Charities—Notice to the Attorney General.
 (a) In every court proceeding involving or affecting a charitable interest with the exception hereinafter set forth, at least 20 days advance written notice thereof shall be given to the Attorney General of the Commonwealth at the principal office in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, or to a deputy of the Attorney General designated for such purpose for the judicial district in which the proceeding is pending. The notice shall include or be accompanied by such of the following as may be appropriate:

 (1) the caption of the case;

 (2) a description of the nature of the proceeding;

 (3) the date, time and place when the matter is to be heard by the court to the extent then known;

 (4) the name of the decedent, settlor, incapacitated person or minor, if not disclosed by the caption;

 (5) a copy of the will or other instrument creating the charitable interest;

 (6) the name and address of any specific charity which may be affected by the proceeding;

 (7) if the charitable interest is a present interest, a description and the approximate market value of that interest;

 (8) if the charitable interest is a future interest and the estimated present value of the charity's future interest in the property exceeds $25,000, a brief description thereof including the conditions precedent to its vesting in enjoyment and possession, the names and ages of persons known to have interests preceding such charitable interest, and the approximate market value of the property involved;

 (9) a description of any unresolved claim and any material question of interpretation or distribution likely to be submitted for adjudication which may affect the value of the charitable interest;

 (10) the names and addresses of all fiduciaries;

 (11) the name and address of counsel for each fiduciary;

 (12) the name and address of counsel for any charity who has received notice or has appeared for the charity and the name of the charity which counsel represents; and

 (13) a copy of an Account if the proceeding involves an Account and if the charity is any one of the following:

 (i) a residuary beneficiary, including as a beneficiary of a residuary trust;

 (ii) a pecuniary legatee in an amount greater than $25,000; or

 (iii) a pecuniary legatee where the bequest has not and will not be paid in full.

 (b) Proof of service of the above notice or an acknowledgment of such notice received from the Attorney General or a deputy of the Attorney General shall be filed with the clerk in every proceeding involving a charitable interest prior to the entry of any decree.

 (c) Unless the court directs otherwise, no notice to the Attorney General or a deputy of the Attorney General shall be required with respect to a pecuniary legacy to a charity in the amount of $25,000 or less which has been or will be paid in full.

 Note: Rule 4.4 is substantively identical to former Rule 5.5.

 Explanatory Comment: See Appendix (OC-06) for form of notice under this Rule.

Rule 4.5. Service of Legal Paper by Court and Clerk.
 (a) The clerk and the court may serve all notices, opinions, and orders via electronic means where any one of the following has occurred:

 (1) the parties have agreed to receipt of legal paper by electronic transmission;

 (2) the underlying legal paper related to the notice, opinion or order was electronically filed; or

 (3) an email address appears on an entry of appearance or other legal paper previously filed with the clerk in the action.

 (b) The clerk and the court may serve all notices, opinions, and orders by facsimile in accordance with Rule 4.3(c).

 Note: Rule 4.5 is based upon former Rule 3.7(i); it has been reformatted and relocated to this Chapter IV.

 Explanatory Comment: This Rule 4.5 differs from its counterpart in former Rule 3.7(i) in several respects: first, this Rule permits the clerk and court to serve not only notices, but also opinions and orders, via electronic means as well as by facsimile; and second, it provides that the clerk and court are able to send notices, opinions, and orders via electronic means if the underlying legal paper was filed electronically. Service from the court and clerk as provided in Rule 4.5 can occur even if the local judicial district has not implemented electronic filing.

Rule 4.6. Notice of the Date of Entry of an Adjudication or Court Order on the Docket.
 (a) The clerk shall immediately give written notice of the entry of an adjudication or court order in a particular matter to each party's counsel of record or, if unrepresented, to each party. The notice shall include a copy of the adjudication or court order.

 (b) The clerk shall note in the docket the date when notice was given to the party or to his or her counsel under subparagraph (a) of this Rule.

 Note: Rule 4.6 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rule, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 236.

Rule 4.7. Electronic Filing.
 (a) Authorization for Electronic Filing. A court may permit or require electronic filing of legal paper. Any court that implements electronic filing shall establish procedures governing such filing by local rule, which shall not be inconsistent with the procedures set forth herein.

 (b) Electronic Filing of Legal Paper.

 (1) If implemented by court, a filing party may file a legal paper with the clerk by means of electronic filing.

 (2) Any party may require the filing party to file the original of a legal paper or exhibit by filing a notice to file with the clerk and serving a copy of the notice upon the filing party. The filing party shall file the specified document with the clerk within 14 days after service of the notice. The court for any reason may direct any party to file the original of a legal paper or exhibit with the clerk within the time specified in the order. Upon disposition of the matter before the court, an original document may be returned to the party who filed it or retained by the court, as the court may determine.

 (c) Signature, Verification and Retention of Legal Paper.

 (1) The original legal paper shall be properly signed, and where required, verified.

 (2) The electronic filing of a legal paper constitutes a certification by the filing party that the original document was signed, and where applicable, verified.

 (3) Unless retained by the court, the filing party shall maintain the original of all documents so certified, together with any exhibits filed, for 5 years after the final disposition of the case.

 (d) Website and Filing Date.

 (1) The court shall designate a website for the electronic filing of legal paper. A user name and password shall be issued to authorized users.

 (2) The court shall provide electronic filing access at all times. The time and date of the filing shall be that registered by the court's computer system.

 (3) The court shall provide, through its website, an acknowledgement from the clerk that the filing has been processed. Such acknowledgement shall include the date and time of filing in a form which can be printed for retention by the filing party.

 (e) Delay in Filing. A filing party shall be responsible for any delay, disruption, or interruption of electronic transmission, and for the legibility of the document electronically filed, except for delays caused by the failure of the court's website. The filing party may petition the court to resolve any dispute concerning an alleged failure of the court's website.

 (f) Fees.

 (1) A filing party shall pay the fee for electronically filing a legal paper as provided by the court.

 (2) The court may assess an additional automation fee for each legal paper electronically filed which shall be used for the development, implementation, maintenance, and training in the use of the court's electronic filing system and other related uses.

 Note: Rule 4.7 is substantively identical to former Rule 3.7, but has been relocated to Chapter IV of these Rules.

 Explanatory Comment: This Rule is designed as a general enabling mechanism by which local judicial districts can, if they so choose, implement electronic filing. Implementation procedures not inconsistent with this Rule will be determined by local rules of court.

 Those jurisdictions which require e-filing must also provide the necessary technical assistance to those parties who lack the capacity to electronically file legal paper.

 Nothing in this Rule is intended to change the procedural requirements of Orphans' Court practice, as embodied in the statutes and rules of court. Rather, this Rule is intended to facilitate the delivery of legal paper to the court and the parties, as well as to reduce record management burdens in the office of the clerk. The terms ''electronic filing,'' ''filing party,'' and ''legal paper'' are defined in Rule 1.3.

 The court may, from time to time, modify the approved electronic filing system to take into consideration the costs and security of the system and the maintenance of electronic data and images.







~ Continued
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pabull?file=/secure/pabulletin/data/vol45/45-51/2208a.html&continued=https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pabull?file=/secure/pabulletin/data/vol45/45-51/2208.html&d= 2025-10-02
[45 Pa.B. 7098]
[Saturday, December 19, 2015]

CHAPTER V. RULES GOVERNING SPECIFIC TYPES OF PETITIONS
Rule

5.1.	Declaratory Judgment.
5.2.	Family Exemption.
5.3.	Intestate Share to Surviving Spouse from Real Estate.
5.4.	Revocation, Vacating or Extension of Time for Filing of Surviving Spouse's Election.
5.5.	Appointment of a Guardian ad litem or a Trustee ad litem.
5.6.	Appointment of a Guardian for the Estate or Person of a Minor.
5.7.	Appointment of a Trustee.
5.8.	Discharge of Fiduciary and Surety.
5.9.	Partition.
5.10.	Public Sale of Real Property.
5.11.	Private Sale of Real Property or Options Therefor.
5.12.	Mortgage or Lease of Real Property.
5.13.	Inalienable Property.
5.14.	Designation of a Successor Custodian.
5.15.	Confirmation of Trustee Appointment.
Rule 5.1. Declaratory Judgment.
 (a) Commencement of Action. An action for declaratory judgment shall be commenced by petition and citation directed to the interested parties.

 (b) Contents of Petition. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, the petition shall contain sufficient averments to entitle petitioner to the declaratory relief requested under the Pennsylvania Declaratory Judgments Act, 42 Pa.C.S. § 7531 et seq., including:

 (1) a concise statement of the facts relied upon to justify a declaratory judgment proceeding;

 (2) the question of law, if any, with respect to which declaratory relief is requested;

 (3) identity of all interested parties; and

 (4) a prayer for the relief desired.

 (c) Exhibits. A copy of the will, trust, other governing instrument, or any other document to be construed shall be attached to the petition as an exhibit.

 Note: Rule 5.1 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is based upon Philadelphia Local Rule 1.2.P.

Rule 5.2. Family Exemption.
 (a) Contents of Petition. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition for a family exemption shall set forth the following:

 (1) facts establishing a prima facie right of the petitioner to the exemption;

 (2) whether allowance of the claim is being requested prior to the confirmation or audit of the Account;

 (3) a description of the property claimed; and

 (4) if the exemption is claimed from real estate and a valuation has not been agreed upon by all interested parties, the nomination of two appraisers for appointment by the court to appraise the same.

 (b) Exhibits. A copy of the qualifications and credentials of the two appraisers nominated in the petition for appointment by the court shall be attached to the petition as exhibits.

 (c) Award by Consent. The court may, at the request of the petitioner, award in distribution specific real estate included in the Account in satisfaction of, or on account of, the family exemption without compliance with the procedure outlined in subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Rule if all interested parties agree in writing that the petitioner is entitled to the family exemption and to the valuation at which such real estate is to be awarded.

 Note: Rule 5.2 is based upon former Rule 12.1.

Rule 5.3. Intestate Share to Surviving Spouse from Real Estate.
 (a) Contents of Petition. When no Account is filed and all or part of the spouse's intestate share under 20 Pa.C.S. § 2102 is claimed from real estate, the claim shall be presented by petition, which shall conform to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, and shall set forth the following:

 (1) facts establishing a prima facie right of the spouse to the statutory intestate share;

 (2) a description of the property claimed; and

 (3) if the exemption is claimed from real estate and a valuation has not been agreed upon by all interested parties, the nomination of two appraisers for appointment by the court to appraise the same.

 (b) Exhibits. A copy of the qualifications and credentials of the two appraisers nominated in the petition for appointment by the court shall be attached to the petition as exhibits.

 (c) Award by Consent. The court may, at the request of the surviving spouse, award specific real estate in satisfaction of, or on account of, the spouse's statutory intestate share without compliance with the procedure outlined in subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Rule if all interested parties agree in writing that the surviving spouse is entitled to the statutory share and to the valuation at which such real estate is to be awarded.

 Note: Rule 5.3 is based upon former Rule 12.2.

 Explanatory Comment: Deletion of specific reference to the former statutory allowance of $10,000.00 increased to $30,000.00 allows greater flexibility. The Rule would not need to be amended in the future if the statutory amount should be further increased. With the broader language employed there is no longer any need to refer to the specific statutory provisions. As amended, the Rule recognizes the present practice of making the award of real estate in satisfaction of the spouse's allowance a part of the distribution decree when a court accounting is filed. While this Rule will be employed only in a minimum of instances for the foregoing reason and also because of the availability of § 3546 of Title 20, it, nevertheless, is considered advisable to preserve it in its altered form as a guide when it is to be employed.

Rule 5.4. Revocation, Vacating or Extension of Time for Filing of Surviving Spouse's Election.
 (a) Contents of Petition. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition to revoke or vacate an election of a surviving spouse to take against the will and other conveyances of the decedent shall set forth the following:

 (1) the date of the decedent's death, whether a will has been probated and, if so, a reference to the place and date of probate;

 (2) the name and capacity of the fiduciary of the decedent's estate, if any, and a reference to the record of his appointment;

 (3) the name, address and relationship, if known, of the other interested parties and the nature and the extent of each of their interests;

 (4) the names of the interested parties who have consented to the revocation or vacating of the election and the names of those who have not consented;

 (5) a description and valuation of the decedent's real and personal property affected by the election;

 (6) the date and manner of executing the election desired to be revoked or vacated and whether the same has been recorded, registered or filed, and if so, the date and place thereof;

 (7) whether the surviving spouse has made or executed and delivered at any place an election contrary to that desired to be revoked or vacated, and whether that election has been recorded, registered or filed, and if so, the date and place thereof;

 (8) the facts relied upon to justify the revocation or vacating of the election; and

 (9) a request for a citation upon the interested parties who have not joined in the petition or who have not consented thereto to show cause why the election should not be revoked or vacated.

 (b) A petition for the extension of the time in which the surviving spouse may file an election to take against the will and other conveyances shall be filed prior to the expiration of six months as provided in 20 Pa.C.S. § 2210 with the clerk of the county where decedent's will was probated.

 (c) Notice of the filing of any petition under this Rule shall be provided to the personal representative of decedent's estate in accordance with Rule 3.5(b)(1).

 Note: Rule 5.4 is based upon former Rule 12.3.

Rule 5.5. Appointment of a Guardian ad litem or a Trustee ad litem.
 (a) On petition of the accountant or any interested party, or upon its own motion, the court may appoint one or both of the following if the court considers that the interests of the non-sui juris individuals are not adequately represented:

 (1) a guardian ad litem to represent a minor or a person believed to be incapacitated under the provisions of Chapter 55 of Title 20, but for whom no guardian of the estate is known to have been appointed by a Pennsylvania court or by the court of any other jurisdiction; and

 (2) a trustee ad litem to represent an absentee, a presumed decedent, or unborn or unascertained persons not already represented by a fiduciary.

 (b) The same person may be appointed as guardian ad litem and trustee ad litem and may be appointed for more than one non-sui juris individual when the interests to be represented are not conflicting.

 (c) Contents of Petition. The request for the appointment of guardian ad litem and trustee ad litem may be made in one petition. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, the petition shall set forth the following:

 (1) the name, age and address of the minor or person believed to be incapacitated under the provisions of Chapter 55 of Title 20, but for whom no guardian of the estate is known to have been appointed;

 (2) the relationship, if any, of such non-sui juris individual to any interested party and to the decedent or settlor;

 (3) the interest of such non-sui juris individual in the property or in the matter at issue;

 (4) the provisions of any instrument creating such interests;

 (5) the necessity for such interests to be represented by a guardian ad litem or a trustee ad litem; and

 (6) the proceeding in which such non-sui juris individual is to be represented.

 (d) A decree appointing a guardian ad litem or trustee ad litem shall specify the period or proceeding during which the guardian ad litem or trustee ad litem shall act as such.

 Note: Rule 5.5 is based upon former Rule 12.4, with some modifications to provide for a person believed to be incapacitated under the provisions of Chapter 55 of Title 20, but not yet adjudicated as such or for whom no guardian is known to have been appointed.

Rule 5.6. Appointment of a Guardian for the Estate or Person of a Minor.
 (a) Contents of Petition. Separate petitions for each minor must be filed requesting the appointment of a guardian of the estate or person of each such minor. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, the petition shall set forth the following:

 (1) the name, address and relationship of the petitioner to the minor;

 (2) the name, address and age of the minor;

 (3) the names and addresses of his or her parents, if living, and whether the minor's parents consent to the petition if the petition is not being filed by the minor's parents;

 (4) the need for the appointment of a guardian;

 (5) if the petition is filed due to the death of the minor's parent or legal guardian, or if the minor is to receive property under a will, deed or other written instrument conveying property whether the petitioner knows if the parent, legal guardian or decedent appointed a guardian for the minor in his or her will, deed or any other written instrument, and if so, the name of such proposed guardian;

 (6) that the minor has no guardian presently appointed or that a guardian already appointed has died or has been discharged or removed by the court, together with the date of such death, discharge or removal and a reference to the court order discharging or removing the previously appointed guardian;

 (7) the name, address and age of the proposed guardian and his or her relationship to the minor, if any;

 (8) the nature of any interest of the proposed guardian adverse to that of the minor including, inter alia, a reference to any estate in which the minor is interested and in which the proposed guardian is a fiduciary or surety or employee of a fiduciary or surety therein;

 (9) if the minor is fourteen years of age or older, the preference of the minor, if any, as to who should be appointed as guardian;

 (10) if the petition is for the appointment of a guardian of the person, the religious persuasion of the minor's parents and the religious persuasion of the proposed guardian;

 (11) if the petition is for the appointment of a guardian of the estate of the minor, an itemization of the assets of such estate, their location, approximate value and income, if any;

 (12) if the minor is entitled to receive any property as a party to any court action or proceeding, a reference to the court record and the amount of the property to which the minor is entitled; and

 (13) that notice has been given to the United States Veterans' Administration or its successor, if the minor is the child of a veteran and insurance or other gratuity is payable to him or her by the United States Veterans' Administration, or its successor.

 (b) Exhibits. The following shall be attached to the petition:

 (1) the proposed guardian's written consent to the appointment;

 (2) the written consents of the minor's parents to the petition if they are not the petitioners and if they consent to the petition; and

 (3) a copy of decedent's will, deed, or other written instrument referenced in subparagraph (a)(5) of this Rule that appoints a guardian.

 (c) If the minor is fourteen years of age or older, the minor shall appear in court at the time of the hearing, if any.

 Note: Rule 5.6 is derived from former Rule 12.5.

 Explanatory Comment: In a change from former Rule 12.5, Rule 5.6 requires separate petitions for each minor even if the same person is proposed as the guardian of the estates or persons of several minors. Separate Accounts must be filed for the estate of each minor. See Rule 2.3. Additionally, petitioner must attach a copy of any known written instrument that appoints a guardian to receive property or proceeds on behalf of a minor. See 20 Pa.C.S. § 5115. As used in (a)(5) and (a)(12) of this Rule, ''property'' includes cash and cash proceeds.

Rule 5.7. Appointment of a Trustee.
 (a) Contents of Petition. A petition for the appointment of a trustee may be filed by a resigning trustee, the current trustee or any trust beneficiary and shall conform to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III and set forth the following:

 (1) the situs of the trust and if any court previously has exercised jurisdiction over the trust;

 (2) the provisions of the instrument creating the trust;

 (3) the general character, location, and value of the trust property;

 (4) the reasons why any individual or corporation named in the trust instrument as trustee or successor trustee is unable or unwilling to serve;

 (5) the names, addresses and relationships of all interested parties and whether those who have not joined in or consented to the petition have been given notice of the filing of the petition, or the reason for failing to give any interested party notice;

 (6) the name and address of the proposed trustee and his or her relationship, if any, to any interested party; and

 (7) whether the proposed trustee has any interest in the trust.

 (b) Exhibits. The following shall be attached to the petition:

 (1) a copy of the trust instrument;

 (2) the proposed trustee's written consent to the appointment;

 (3) the signed written consents of all interested parties who have not signed or joined in the petition, but who consent to the appointment of the proposed trustee; and

 (4) if issued, the consent or letter of acquiescence from the Office of the Attorney General if required under 20 Pa.C.S. § 7764(d)(2).

 Note: Rule 5.7 is based upon former Rule 12.6.

 Explanatory Comment: See 20 Pa.C.S. § 7764.

Rule 5.8. Discharge of Fiduciary and Surety.
 (a) Account Previously Filed. A petition for the discharge of a fiduciary and his or her surety, or of the surety alone, subsequent to an Account having been filed and confirmed, shall conform to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III and set forth the following:

 (1) the nature of the fiduciary capacity;

 (2) the date and a reference to the record of the fiduciary's appointment;

 (3) the date of filing the fiduciary's Account and the date of the court's adjudication or order confirming the Account; and

 (4) that the entire estate has been distributed to the creditors and parties entitled thereto and that no other property belonging to the estate has been received or remains to be accounted for by the fiduciary.

 (b) Account Annexed. In lieu of filing and advertising an Account, a personal representative who is distributing an estate under the provisions of 20 Pa.C.S. § 3531, or the guardian of the estate of a minor who has attained majority and whose gross estate does not exceed the statutory limitation of an administration without appointment of a guardian, may annex an Account to the petition for discharge with the information required above, modified to indicate any previous distribution, and suggesting the proper distribution of any balance on hand.

 Note: Rule 5.8 is based upon former Rule 12.7.

 Explanatory Comment: Pursuant to Rule 2.9(b), an adjudication of an Account discharges the fiduciaries as to the transactions set forth in the adjudicated Account.

Rule 5.9. Partition.
 In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition for partition shall set forth the following:

 (a) the date of the decedent's death and whether he or she died testate or intestate, in whole or in part;

 (b) a description, giving the size and location, of the property to be partitioned, the liens and charges to which it is subject and the rents due from tenants thereof, and that the property has not been partitioned or valued for partition;

 (c) the name, address and relationship of those interested in the land to be partitioned, the extent of the interest of each of such persons, and, if such interest is created by a recorded deed or will, a reference to such record; and

 (d) a request for a citation upon the interested parties who have not joined in or consented to the petition to appear and show cause why an inquest in partition should not be granted.

 Note: Rule 5.9 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.8.

Rule 5.10. Public Sale of Real Property.
 (a) In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition for the public sale of real property shall set forth the reason for filing the petition, a description, stating the size and location of the property to be sold, and the liens and charges to which it is subject.

 (b) Public notice of the sale shall be given as required by law and as may be further required by local rule or as the court may order in a particular matter.

 Note: Rule 5.10 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.9.

Rule 5.11. Private Sale of Real Property or Options Therefor.
 (a) Contents of Petition. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition for the private sale or exchange of real property, or for the grant of an option for any such sale or exchange shall set forth the following:

 (1) the information required in a petition for the public sale of real property under Rule 5.10(a); and

 (2) the name and address of the proposed purchaser and the terms of the proposed sale, exchange or option, the consideration therefor, and that this consideration is more than can be obtained at public sale.

 (b) Exhibits. The petition shall be supported by the affidavits of at least two competent persons setting forth that they have inspected the real property to be sold, exchanged or optioned, that they are not personally interested in the proposed sale, exchange or option, that they are acquainted with the value of real estate in the area, that in their opinion the proposed consideration is more than can be obtained at public sale, and in the case of an exchange, that they are acquainted with the value of real estate in the locality of the property to be received.

 Note: Rule 5.11 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.10.

Rule 5.12. Mortgage or Lease of Real Property.
 In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition to mortgage or lease real property shall set forth the following:

 (a) the information required in a petition for the public sale of real property under Rule 5.10(a), as far as practicable; and

 (b) the name of the proposed mortgagee or lessee and the terms of the proposed mortgage or lease.

 Note: Rule 5.12 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.11.

Rule 5.13. Inalienable Property.
 In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition under Chapter 83 of Title 20 shall set forth the facts required by 20 Pa.C.S. § 8301, as applicable, and the following:

 (a) the names of all interested parties who have not joined in or consented to the petition, and their addresses, if known; and

 (b) if the petition is for the public or private sale of real property subject to a life estate with remainder over and the real property is not held in trust, the petition shall request the appointment of a named trustee to make the sale and hold the proceeds in trust.

 Note: Rule 5.13 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.12.

Rule 5.14. Designation of a Successor Custodian.
 A petition for the designation of a successor custodian under the Pennsylvania Uniform Gifts to Minors Act shall conform to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III and set forth as far as practicable the information required in a petition for the appointment of a guardian of the estate of a minor.

 Note: Rule 5.14 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.13.

Rule 5.15. Confirmation of Trustee Appointment.
 (a) Contents of Petition. Where an initial or successor trustee is appointed pursuant to a trust instrument or by the unanimous agreement of all qualified beneficiaries (as defined in 20 Pa.C.S. § 7703) pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 7764, a petition for the court to confirm such appointment shall conform to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III and shall set forth the following:

 (1) the reason for filing the petition; and

 (2) the pertinent provisions of the instrument creating the trust and providing for the appointment of the trustee.

 (b) Exhibits. The following shall be attached to the petition:

 (1) a copy of the trust instrument duly certified by counsel to be a true and correct copy; and

 (2) the designated trustee's written consent to serve.

 Note: Rule 5.15 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.14.

CHAPTER VI. (Reserved)
CHAPTER VII. RULES RELATING TO PRE-HEARING AND HEARING PROCEDURE
Rule

7.1.	Depositions, Discovery, Production of Documents and Perpetuation of Testimony.
7.2.	Motion for Judgment on the Pleadings.
7.3.	Motion for Summary Judgment.
7.4.	Injunctions.
Rule 7.1. Depositions, Discovery, Production of Documents and Perpetuation of Testimony.
 The court, by local rule or order in a particular matter, may prescribe the practice relating to depositions, discovery, production of documents and perpetuation of testimony. To the extent not provided for by local rule or an order governing a particular matter, the practice relating to depositions, discovery, production of documents and perpetuation of testimony shall conform to the practice in the Trial or Civil Division of the local Court of Common Pleas.

 Note: Rule 7.1 is identical to former Rule 3.6.

Rule 7.2. Motion for Judgment on the Pleadings.
 After the relevant pleadings are closed, but within such time as not to unreasonably delay the hearing, any party may move for judgment on the pleadings. The court shall enter such judgment or order as shall be proper on the pleadings.

 Note: Rule 7.2 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1034.

 Explanatory Comment: The Official Note to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1034 is fully incorporated by reference herein, except that the court may, but is not required to, promulgate local rules governing the procedure for these motions.

Rule 7.3. Motion for Summary Judgment.
 (a) After the relevant pleadings are closed, but within such time as not to unreasonably delay a hearing, any party may move for summary judgment in whole, or in part, as a matter of law in the manner set forth in Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1035.1, 1035.2, and 1035.4.

 (b) The party against whom the motion for summary judgment is filed shall respond in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1035.3(a)—(b) and 1035.4.

 (c) The court shall rule upon the motion for summary judgment as provided in Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1035.3(c)—(e) and 1035.5.

 Note: Rule 7.3 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1035.1 et seq.

 Explanatory Comment: The Notes, Official Note and Explanatory Comments to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1035.1 et seq. are incorporated by reference herein, except that the court may, but is not required to, promulgate local rules governing the procedure for these motions.

Rule 7.4. Injunctions.
 Upon petition, the court may issue a preliminary, special, or permanent injunction in accordance with the rules and procedures provided in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1531.

 Note: Rule 7.4 has no counterpart in former Orphans' Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1531.

 Explanatory Comment: With the repeal of 20 Pa.C.S. § 772, the propriety of and procedure for obtaining an injunction in an Orphans' Court matter was uncertain. This Rule clarifies that an injunction may be requested and issued in this court. The procedure for requesting the issuance of an injunction shall conform to the practice set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1531. The Notes and Explanatory Comments to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1531 are fully incorporated by reference herein.

CHAPTER VIII. RECONSIDERATION
Rule

8.1.	Exceptions and Post-Trial Motions.
8.2.	Motions for Reconsideration.
Rule 8.1. Exceptions and Post-Trial Motions.
 Except as provided in Rule 8.2, no exceptions or post-trial motions may be filed to any order or decree of the court.

 Explanatory Comment: The former exception practice is discontinued, and this Rule clarifies that post-trial motion practice applicable in the Civil Division of the Court of Common Pleas is not applicable in the Orphans' Court Division.

Rule 8.2. Motions for Reconsideration.
 (a) By motion, a party may request the court to reconsider any order that is final under Pa.R.A.P. 341(b) or 342, or interlocutory orders subject to immediate appeal under Pa.R.A.P. 311, so long as the order granting reconsideration is consistent with Pa.R.A.P. 1701(b)(3).

 (b) Upon a motion to do so, a court may reconsider an interlocutory order at any time.

 (c) Motions for reconsideration are not permitted to any order in involuntary termination or adoption matters under the Adoption Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § 2101 et seq.

 Explanatory Comment: The period for filing an appeal is not tolled by the filing of a motion for reconsideration unless the court grants the motion for reconsideration prior to the expiration of the appeal period. See Pa.R.A.P. 1701(b)(3). Interlocutory orders may be reconsidered anytime during the pendency of the proceeding. See Key Automotive Equip. Specialists, Inc. v. Abernethy, 636 A.2d 1126, 1128 (Pa. Super. 1994); 42 Pa.C.S. § 5505.

CHAPTER IX. AUDITORS AND MASTERS
Rule

9.1.	Notice of Hearings.
9.2.	Filing of Report.
9.3.	Form of Auditor's Report.
9.4.	Form of Master's Report.
9.5.	Transcript of Testimony.
9.6.	Notice of Filing Report.
9.7.	Confirmation of Report.
9.8.	Security for Expenses and Fees.
Rule 9.1. Notice of Hearings.
 An auditor or master appointed pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § 751 shall give notice of scheduled hearings in such manner and to such parties as local rules shall prescribe.

 Note: Rule 9.1 is substantively identical to former Rule 8.1.

Rule 9.2. Filing of Report.
 An auditor or master shall file his or her report within 90 days after his or her appointment, unless the court extends the time upon request.

 Note: Rule 9.2 is based upon former Rule 8.2.

Rule 9.3. Form of Auditor's Report.
 An auditor's report shall include a statement of the questions involved, findings of fact, conclusions of law, and, if the Account is approved by the auditor, it shall also expressly confirm the Account and shall specify, or indicate by reference to the petition of adjudication/statement of proposed distribution, the names of the persons to whom the balance available for distribution is awarded and the amount or share awarded to each of such persons.

 Note: Rule 9.3 is identical to former Rule 8.3.

Rule 9.4. Form of Master's Report.
 A master's report shall state the number, times, dates and duration of the hearings held, the number, extent and causes of any delays or continuances, and the basis of the court's jurisdiction, and shall include a statement and discussion of the questions involved, findings of fact and conclusions of law, and specific recommendations.

 Note: Rule 9.4 is identical to former Rule 8.4.

Rule 9.5. Transcript of Testimony.
 The transcript of testimony taken before an auditor or master shall be filed with the report.

 Note: Rule 9.5 is identical to former Rule 8.5.

Rule 9.6. Notice of Filing Report.
 An auditor or master shall give notice of the filing of the report or of the intention to file the report in such manner and to such parties as local rules shall prescribe.

 Note: Rule 9.6 is identical to former Rule 8.6.

Rule 9.7. Confirmation of Report.
 (a) The report of an auditor shall be confirmed in such manner as local rules shall prescribe.

 (b) The report of a master shall not be approved until a decree is entered adopting its recommendations.

 Note: Rule 9.7 is identical to former Rule 8.7.

Rule 9.8. Security for Expenses and Fees.
 An auditor or master, the accountant, or any interested party may apply to the court at any time for leave to require security for the payment of the auditor's or master's expenses and fees, and, when such leave is granted, the auditor or master may decline to proceed until security is entered.

 Note: Rule 9.8 is substantively identical to former Rule 8.8.

CHAPTER X. REGISTER OF WILLS
Rule

10.1.	Forms.
10.2.	Petition Practice.
10.3.	Hearings.
10.4.	Appeals from the Register of Wills.
10.5.	Notice to Beneficiaries and Intestate Heirs.
10.6.	Status Report by Personal Representative.
Rule 10.1. Forms.
 The forms approved by the Supreme Court for statewide practice before the Register as set forth in the Appendix shall be used. No other forms shall be allowed or required by local rule or practice in such instances.

 Note: Rule 10.1 is new, but is derived from former Rule 10.1.

 Explanatory Comment: Rule 10.1 has been modified from former Rule 10.1 by now mandating the exclusive use of statewide forms promulgated by the Supreme Court. See Rule 1.8.

Rule 10.2. Petition Practice.
 When a matter requires the Register to exercise discretion or decide an issue of fact or law, the pleading and practice shall conform as near as practical to the practice and procedure before the court as provided by Chapter III of these Rules and 20 Pa.C.S. § 906 (relating to caveats). The Register may issue a citation if appropriate and may require a party to prepare the form of citation. Service of citations issued by the Register shall be the responsibility of the party requesting the issuance of the citation.

 Note: Rule 10.2 is new.

Rule 10.3. Hearings.
 (a) Evidentiary hearings before the Register shall be recorded by stenographic or electronic means when directed by the Register or requested by an interested party, the cost of which shall be allocated as directed by the Register.

 (b) The Register may issue subpoenas to compel attendance at evidentiary hearings as provided in 20 Pa.C.S. § 903(1).

 (c) The Pennsylvania Rules of Evidence shall apply in all evidentiary hearings before the Register.

 (d) The Register may require parties to submit memoranda and/or proposed findings of fact and conclusions of law.

 (e) The Register shall promptly decide the matter at issue by written order or decree. The order or decree may, but need not, contain a brief opinion or recitation of relevant facts and legal conclusions as found by the Register.

 Note: Rule 10.3 is new.

 Explanatory Comment: In any matter, the Register or the Register's designee may hold an informal conference to narrow or define the issues, consider the necessity or desirability of amendments to the pleadings, obtain admissions of fact and stipulations as to documents, or to otherwise aid in the disposition of the matter.

Rule 10.4. Appeals from the Register of Wills.
 Appeals to the court from an order or decree of the Register shall be by petition and governed by Chapter III of these Rules and any applicable local rules.

 Note: Rule 10.4 is new, but is derived from former Rule 10.2.

Rule 10.5. Notice to Beneficiaries and Intestate Heirs.
 (a) Within three (3) months after the grant of letters, the personal representative to whom original letters have been granted or the personal representative's counsel shall send a written notice of estate administration in the form approved by the Supreme Court to:

 (1) every person, corporation, association, entity or other party named in decedent's will as an outright beneficiary whether individually or as a class member;

 (2) the decedent's spouse and children, whether or not they are named in, or have an interest under, the will;

 (3) where there is an intestacy in whole or in part, to every person entitled to inherit as an intestate heir under Chapter 21 of Title 20;

 (4) the appointed guardian of the estate, parent or legal custodian of any beneficiary who is a minor;

 (5) the appointed guardian of the estate or, in the absence of such appointment, the institution or person with custody of any beneficiary who is an adjudicated incapacitated person;

 (6) the Attorney General on behalf of any charitable beneficiary (i) which is a residuary beneficiary, including as a beneficiary of a residuary testamentary trust; (ii) whose legacy exceeds $25,000; or (iii) whose interest in a legacy will not be paid in full;

 (7) the Attorney General on behalf of any governmental beneficiary;

 (8) the trustee of any trust which is a beneficiary; and

 (9) such other persons and in such manner as may be required by local rule.

 (b) A ''beneficiary'' shall be deemed to include any person who may have an interest by virtue of the Pennsylvania anti-lapse statute, 20 Pa.C.S. § 2514.

 (c) Notice shall be given by personal service or by first-class, prepaid mail to each person and entity entitled to notice under subparagraph (a)(1)—(9) whose address is known or reasonably available to the personal representative.

 (d) Within ten (10) days after giving the notice required by paragraph (a) of this Rule, the personal representative or the personal representative's counsel shall file with the Register a certification that notice has been given as required by this Rule.

 (e) Upon the failure of the personal representative or the personal representative's counsel to file the certification on a timely basis, the Register shall, after ten (10) days subsequent to providing written notice to the delinquent personal representative and his counsel, notify the court of such delinquency.

 (f) This Rule shall not alter or diminish existing rights or confer new rights.

 (g) The Register shall deliver a copy of Rule 10.5 and the forms of notice and certification approved by the Supreme Court to each personal representative not represented by counsel at the time letters are granted.

 Note: Rule 10.5 is substantively identical to former Rule 5.6, except that subparagraph (d) of this Rule no longer prohibits the Register from charging a fee for filing this certification. The form of notice and certification of notice required by Rule 10.5 is set forth in the Appendix. Subparagraph (e) of this Rule is not intended to limit the inherent power of the court to impose sanctions upon a delinquent personal representative or counsel.

 Explanatory Comment: It is not the intention of this Rule to require notice beyond the degree of consanguinity entitling a person to inherit under Chapter 21 of Title 20.

Rule 10.6. Status Report by Personal Representative.
 (a) Report of Uncompleted Administration. If administration of an estate has not been completed within two years of the decedent's death, the personal representative or counsel shall file at such time, and annually thereafter until the administration is completed, a report with the Register showing the date by which the personal representative or his, her, or its counsel reasonably believes administration will be completed.

 (b) Report of Completed Administration. Upon completion of the administration of an estate, the personal representative or his, her or its counsel shall file with the Register a report showing:

 (1) completion of administration of the estate;

 (2) whether a formal Account was filed with the Orphans' Court;

 (3) whether a complete Account was informally stated to all parties in interest;

 (4) whether final distribution has been completed; and

 (5) whether approvals of the Account, receipts, joinders and releases have been filed with the clerk.

 (c) Form of Status Report. The report required by this Rule shall be in the form approved by the Supreme Court.

 (d) Copy of Rule. Upon the grant of letters, the Register shall give a copy of Rule 10.6 to each personal representative not represented by counsel.

 (e) Failure to File a Status Report. After at least ten (10) days subsequent to providing written notice to a delinquent personal representative and counsel, the Register shall inform the court of the failure to file the report required by this Rule with a request that the court conduct a hearing to determine what sanctions, if any, should be imposed.

 Note: Rule 10.6 is based upon former Rule 6.12, except that this Rule no longer includes former subparagraph (d) that prohibited the Register from charging a fee for filing the status report. The form of status report required by Rule 10.6 is set forth in the Appendix.

CHAPTER XI. (Reserved)
CHAPTER XII. (Reserved)
CHAPTER XIII. (Reserved)
[RULE 14. GUARDIANSHIP] CHAPTER XIV. GUARDIANSHIPS OF INCAPACITATED PERSONS
Rule 14.1. [Local rules] (Reserved).

 [The practice and procedure with respect to incapacitated persons' shall be as prescribed by local rules, which shall not be inconsistent with Rules 14.2—14.5.]

 Note: See Rule 1.5.

 Rule 14.2 Adjudication of [incapacity and appointment of a guardian of the person and/or estate of an incapacitated person] Incapacity and Appointment of a Guardian of the Person and/or Estate of an Incapacitated Person.

 A petition to adjudicate [incapacity] an individual as an incapacitated person shall meet all requirements set forth at 20 Pa.C.S. § 5511. A citation and notice in the form approved by the Supreme Court shall be attached to and served with a petition. The procedure for [determination of] determining incapacity and for appointment of a guardian shall meet all requirements set forth at 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 5512 and 5512.1.

 [Committee Comment—2006: The form of citation and notice formerly found in the body of rule 14.5 has been moved to the Appendix.]

 Explanatory Comment: See Rule 14.5(a) for form of citation and notice.

Rule 14.3. Review [hearing] Hearing.

 A petition for a review hearing shall set forth:

 [(1)] (a) the date of the adjudication of incapacity;

 [(2)] (b) the name and address of the guardian;

 [(3)] (c) if the incapacitated person has been a patient in a mental [hospital] health facility, the name of such [institution] facility, the date of admission, and the date of discharge;

 [4)] (d) the present address of the incapacitated person, and the name of the person with whom the incapacitated person is living;

 [(5)] (e) the names and addresses of the presumptive adult heirs of the incapacitated person; and

 [(6)] (f) an averment that:

 [(i)] (1) there has been significant change in the incapacitated person's capacity;

 [(ii)] (2) there has been a change in the need for guardianship services; or

 [(iii)] (3) the guardian has failed to perform duties in accordance with the law or act in the best interest of the incapacitated person.

 [Official Note: See 20 Pa.C.S. § 5512.2.]

 Explanatory Comment: For the court's disposition of a petition for a review hearing and evidentiary burden of proof, see 20 Pa.C.S. § 5512.2.

Rule 14.4. Proceedings [relating to real estate] Relating to Real Estate.

 A petition for the public or private sale, exchange, lease, or mortgage of real estate of an incapacitated person or the grant of an option for the sale, exchange or lease of the same shall conform as far as practicable to the requirements of these [rules] Rules for personal representatives, trustees and guardians of minors in a transaction of similar type.

Rule 14.5. [Form of citation and notice] Forms.

 [The citation and notice to be attached to and served with a petition for adjudication of incapacity and appointment of guardian shall be substantially in the form approved by the Supreme Court.

 Committee Comment—2006: The form of citation and notice formerly found in the body of Rule 14.5 has been moved to the Appendix.]

 The following forms located in the Appendix shall be used exclusively.

 (a) Important Notice—Citation with Notice;

 (b) Annual Report of Guardian of the Estate;

 (c) Annual Report of Guardian of the Person; and

 (d) Guardian's Inventory.

 Explanatory Comment: In accordance with Rule 1.8, these forms must be used exclusively and cannot be replaced or supplanted by a local form.

[RULE 15] CHAPTER XV. ADOPTIONS
*  *  *  *  *
[RULE 16] CHAPTER XVI. PROCEEDINGS PURSUANT TO SECTION 3206 OF THE ABORTION CONTROL ACT
 [Official] Note: The right of a minor to petition the court for consent under Section 3206(c), 18 Pa.C.S. § 3206(c), shall be carried forth pursuant to the following procedures:

Rule 16.1. Definitions[.]; Scope.

 (a) As used in this Rule [16], the following words shall have the following meaning:

 [''act'' means] ''Act''—the Act of June 11, 1982, P. L. 476, No. 138, as amended, 18 Pa.C.S. [Section] § 3201 et. seq., known as the Abortion Control Act[.];

 [''applicant'' means] ''Applicant''—a pregnant woman: (i) who is less than eighteen years of age and not emancipated or (ii) a person acting on behalf of a pregnant woman who has been adjudged an incapacitated person pursuant to Chapter 55 of [the Probate, Estates and Fiduciaries Code, 20 Pa.C.S. Section 5501, et seq.] Title 20 (relating to incapacitated persons);

 [''application'' includes] ''Application''—a legal paper, including a motion or petition;

 [''court'' means] ''Court''—the Orphans' Court Division of the Court of Common Pleas, except in proceedings brought: (a) in Philadelphia in which the applicant is a minor in which case the term ''court'' means the Family Court Division; (b) in Allegheny County where said proceedings shall be heard in the Juvenile Court Section of the Family Court Division;

 [Official] Note: See Rule of Judicial Administration 2157 governing distribution of business within courts of common pleas.

 [''proceeding'' means] ''Proceeding''—a proceeding pursuant to Section 3206(c) of the Act, 18 Pa.C.S. [Section] § 3206(c).

 [Official] Note: Section 3206(c) of the Abortion Control Act relates to proceedings seeking authorization for a physician to perform an abortion.

 (b) The procedure set forth in [Rule] Chapter 16 shall govern proceedings pursuant to Section 3206(c) of the Act, 18 Pa.C.S. [Section] § 3206(c).

 [Official] Note: These rules implement Section 3206 of the Abortion Control Act and work with that section to provide a full procedure. Procedures which are set forth in that section rather than the rules include the following:

 1. Participation in the proceeding and representation by an attorney, Section 3206(e). The court shall be responsible for adopting a procedure to assure that the court advises the pregnant woman of her right to counsel and that counsel is appointed upon her request;

 2. Conduct of the hearing, including the exclusion of persons, evidence to be heard and notices to be given the applicant, Section 3206(f)(3) and (4) and Section 3206(h); and

 3. Specific factual findings and legal conclusions by the court in writing, Section 3206(f)(1).

 Section 3206 of the Act provides for an ''expedited [appeal''.] appeal.'' See Rule 3801 et seq. of the Rules of Appellate Procedure, which provide a complete procedure governing the appeal.

 Pa.R.A.P. 3804 requires that the court reporter, without charge to the applicant, transcribe the notes of testimony and deliver them to the clerk of the court by 5:00 o'clock p.m. of the business day following receipt of the notice of appeal to the Superior Court.

Rule 16.2. Confidentiality.
 (a) The proceeding shall be confidential.

 [Official] Note: See [subdivision] subparagraph (b) of this rule governing the sealing of the record. See Rule 16.6 for provisions governing docketing. See Section 3206(f)(3) of the Act for the exclusion of persons from the hearing.

 (b) The record, including the application, pleadings, submissions, transcripts, exhibits, orders, evidence, findings and conclusions and any other written material to be maintained, shall be sealed.

 (c) The identity of the applicant shall not be disclosed in any decision of the proceeding.

Rule 16.3. Precedence of Proceeding.
 The proceeding shall be given such precedence over other pending matters as will ensure that the court renders a decision within three business days of the date of the filing of the application.

Rule 16.4. Commencement[.]; Venue[.]; No Filing Fees.

 (a) The proceeding shall be commenced by filing an application in the appropriate division of the court of common pleas of the county in which the applicant resides or in which the abortion is sought.

 (b) No filing fees or court costs shall be required of the applicant.

Rule 16.5. Application[.]; Contents[.]; Form of Verification[.]; Assistance in Preparation.

 (a) The application shall set forth the following:

 (1) the initials of the applicant;

 (2) the age of the applicant;

 (3) the names and addresses of each parent, guardian or, if the petitioner is a minor whose parents are deceased and no guardian has been appointed, any other person standing in loco parentis to the applicant;

 (4) a statement that the applicant has been fully informed of the risks and consequences of the abortion;

 (5) a statement whether the applicant is of sound mind and has sufficient intellectual capacity to consent to the abortion;

 (6) a prayer for relief asking the court to enter an order authorizing a physician to perform an abortion upon applicant;

 (7) an unsworn verification by the applicant stating that the information therein is true and correct and that the applicant is aware that any false statements made in the application are subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. § 4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities; and

 (8) the signature of the applicant, which may consist of the applicant's initials.

 (b) Where necessary to serve the interest of justice, the court shall refer the applicant to the appropriate personnel for assistance in preparing the application.

 [Committee Comment—2006: The form of unsworn verification previously found in subdivision (b) has been deleted. This unsworn verification required by subdivision (a)(7) is the standard form of verification made subject to the penalties of Section 4904 of the Crimes Code, 18 Pa.C.S. § 4904.

 Forms formerly found in rule 16.11 and 16.12 for applications and separate unsworn verifications by minors have been moved to the Appendix.]

Rule 16.6. Dockets[.]; Document Maintenance.

 (a) Each court shall maintain a sealed docket which is not open to public inspection.

 (b) The proceeding shall be docketed by case number only.

 (c) The name or initials of the applicant shall not be entered on any docket which is subject to public inspection.

 (d) Documents pertaining to the proceeding shall be maintained in a closed file which shall be marked ''confidential'' and identified by the case number only.

Rule 16.7. (Reserved).
Rule 16.8. (Reserved).
Rule 16.9. (Reserved).
Rule 16.10. Form; Generally.
 The form of application by a minor and form of separate unsworn verification shall be prepared and filed in substantial conformity with the forms approved by the Supreme Court.

 [Explanatory] Note: Additional averments will be required for an application filed on behalf of a person who has been adjudged an incapacitated person pursuant to Chapter 55 of [the Probate, Estates and Fiduciaries Code, 20 Pa.C.S. Section 5501, et seq.] Title 20 (relating to incapacitated persons).

 [Committee Comment—2006: Forms formerly found in Rules 16.11 and 16.12 for applications and verifications by minors have been moved to the Appendix.]

Rule 16.11. (Reserved).
 [Committee Comment—2006: The form formerly found in Rule 16.11 for application by a minor has been moved to the Appendix.]

Rule 16.12. (Reserved).
 [Committee Comment—2006: The form formerly found in Rule 16.12 for unsworn verification by a minor has been moved to the Appendix.]

ORPHANS' COURT PROCEDURAL RULES COMMITTEE REPORT
Rescission and Replacement of Pennsylvania Orphans' Court Rules 1.1 through 13.3 and Rule 17, with Amendment of Rules 14.1 through 16.12
 Given that the last substantial revision to the Supreme Court Orphans' Court Rules occurred in November 1975, with an effective date of January 1, 1976, then-Chief Justice Ralph J. Cappy of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania approved a proposal by the Orphans' Court Procedural Rules Committee (the ''Committee'') to review and elaborate upon the skeletal collection of prior rules governing statewide practice and procedure. Publicly announcing this project on October 17, 2007, Chief Justice Cappy explained that the ''intent here is to simplify the current system and standardize governing procedures so everyone has a clearer idea of what is expected and better outcomes are realized for the citizens of Pennsylvania.''

 The Committee thereafter published a proposal for new Orphans' Court Rules on April 13, 2013 in the Pennsylvania Bulletin, 43 Pa.B. 2010, with a comment period that expired on June 13, 2013. The Committee received numerous comments which were thoroughly reviewed and vetted. Where necessary or deemed appropriate the Committee revised the published proposal based upon the comments received. The Committee then submitted a revised draft of these proposed new Orphans' Court Rules to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court (the ''Court'') with a recommendation for their adoption. The Court adopted the following rules by Order dated December 1, 2015, with an effective date of September 1, 2016.

Introduction

 It is the Committee's intent and belief that the recently adopted Supreme Court Orphans' Court Rules (the ''O.C. Rules'' or ''Rules'') will standardize procedures throughout the Commonwealth for presenting and having disputes adjudicated in the orphans' court divisions of the courts of common pleas and will promote uniformity in the content of pleadings. These new statewide O.C. Rules are intended to accomplish the following three objectives:

 (1) promote a standard statewide practice and reduce variations caused by reliance on local practice;

 (2) provide clear procedures to practitioners and judges throughout the state, especially those in counties without dedicated orphans' court divisions; and

 (3) harmonize orphans' court proceedings with general civil practice to the extent possible.

 The Committee is aware that, with respect to the adjudication and confirmation of accounts, Title 20 (the Probate, Estates and Fiduciaries Code) distinguishes between counties having a separate orphans' court division and those counties having no separate orphans' court division. 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 3511, 3512. The Committee analyzed these statutory provisions to determine whether this distinction required or warranted differing procedures for the filing of Accounts, the need to have accompanying petitions for adjudication/statements of proposed distribution filed with Accounts, and the procedures for providing notice to interested parties. In the end, the Committee recommended that a trust or estate beneficiary in a smaller county is entitled to the same notice, information and protection as a trust or estate beneficiary in a larger county with a separate orphans' court division. Consequently, these new O.C. Rules do not differentiate between judicial districts with and without a separate orphans' court division; but rather, these new Rules ensure that best procedural practices are mandated and followed throughout the Commonwealth. To the extent that uniform statewide procedures embodied in these O.C. Rules might be viewed as conflicting with the statutory provisions of 20 Pa.C.S. §§ 3511 and 3512, the Rules include a cross-reference to Pa.R.C.P. No. 133, which suspends all statutes addressing procedural aspects to the extent that such statutes are inconsistent with procedural rules.

 The Committee also carefully considered which rules of civil procedure to cross-reference in these Rules, which rules of civil procedural to adopt and restate within the text of the Rules, and which rules of civil procedure not to incorporate because of irrelevancy or undue burdens. For example, the rules of civil procedure regarding discovery have not been incorporated herein, but rather the conduct of discovery is left to the local orphans' court, with a proviso defaulting to the rules of civil procedure only if not otherwise provided for by a local rule. In addition, where appropriate, the pertinent rules of civil procedure have been narrowly tailored, such as in Orphans' Court Rule 2.8, limiting the grounds upon which preliminary objections may be raised against the objections filed to an Account.

 The new O.C. Rules reflect an attempt to strike a balance between increasing the number and breadth of procedural rules so that all parties throughout the Commonwealth are operating with known procedures while not unduly burdening these same participants with additional requirements. Having a standardized, detailed roadmap to orphans' court proceedings hopefully will enable practitioners to operate more efficiently, which in turn will improve the presentation of matters before the bench. In counties without separate, dedicated orphans' court divisions, these O.C. Rules will address many areas that were not covered in the skeletal collection of prior rules. Having the same established method operate in all sixty judicial districts will assist the appellate courts when a matter is appealed. The appellate courts will be able to more readily determine if there were any procedural defects in the proceeding below, and if so, whether these defects affected substantive rights. In the end, these developments will benefit litigants and the public at large.

Organization

 The new rules are divided into sections addressing, inter alia, introductory matters and definitions, the filing and audit of Accounts, the procedures for initiating litigation by citation and petition, pre-hearing and post-hearing procedures, and rules for practice before the Registers of Wills. In brief summary,

 • Chapter I contains introductory rules which consolidate and expand upon prior O.C. Rule 1 and prior O.C. Rule 2.

 • Chapter II contains rules and procedures specific to the filing and auditing of Accounts and the resolution of issues and disputes through the audit or confirmation process. This Chapter encompasses and adds to the procedure previously found in prior O.C. Rule 6, prior O.C. Rule 9, and prior O.C. Rule 13.

 • Chapter III sets forth rules and procedures concerning the resolution of issues and disputes through citations and notice petitions, which modifies and expands upon some of the procedures contained previously in prior O.C. Rule 3 and prior O.C. Rule 5.

 • Chapter IV addresses general formatting rules, service upon individuals and entities who are acting in a representative capacity, service upon the Office of the Attorney General, the docketing and service of court orders, and the implementation of electronic filing. This Chapter relocates and amplifies upon procedures previously found in prior O.C. Rule 3 and prior O.C. Rule 5.

 • Chapter V sets forth rules addressing specific petitions and for the most part contains rules that merely have been relocated from prior O.C. Rule 12, without substantial revisions.

 • Chapter VI is being reserved for future use.

 • Chapter VII provides rules relating to pre-hearing and hearing procedures, which includes prior O.C. Rule 3.6 and several new rules borrowed from civil practice.

 • Chapter VIII provides new post-hearing procedures which dispense with former O.C. Rules 7.1 and 7.2.

 • Chapter IX contains the rules previously found as part of prior O.C. Rule 8 regarding auditors and masters.

 • Chapter X sets forth rules relating to practice before the Register of Wills, relocates and amends prior O.C. Rule 5.6 and prior O.C. Rule 6.12, and provides additional new rules.

 The next three sequential Chapters (i.e., Chapters XI, XII, and XIII) have been reserved for future use, thereby allowing the guardianship rules, adoption rules and Abortion Control Act rules to remain with their present rule number prefixes of 14, 15, and 16, respectively.

 In these O.C. Rules, there are instances where the new rule is substantially identical to its former counterpart and merely has been relocated to a new Chapter based upon the revised structure of these new Rules. (For example, Rules governing Specific Types of Petitions are moved from prior O.C. Rule 12 to Chapter V.) For this reason, following each O.C. Rule is a note indicating whether the rule derives from a prior O.C. Rule, either in total or with modifications, or whether the rule derives from a rule of civil procedure. The Committee has included these notes because it is believed that knowing the origins of a rule will help practitioners and jurists understand the purposes and effect of the rule, thereby aiding in a more proper implementation of the rule. Also, this information is intended to assist local courts and county bar committees in reviewing their local rules to determine the future placement of a current local rule that they wish to retain.

Local Rules

 Many local rules promulgated before December 1, 2015 under previously existing O.C. Rules 1 to 13 and 17 will now be obsolete. Consequently, Orphans' Court Rule 1.5, governing the adoption and dissemination of local rules, provides that all existing local rules, except for local rules on guardianships, adoptions, and the Abortion Control Act, will be vacated as of September 1, 2016.

 In addition, Orphans' Court Rule 1.5 requires courts to submit any proposed new local rule to the Committee for review and vetting prior to the local rule's promulgation and effective date. The Committee will review and analyze each proposed new local rule only insofar as to determine whether the proposed local rule is inconsistent with a Supreme Court Orphans' Court Rule. Rule 1.5 is modeled after its counterpart rule of criminal procedure. See Pa.R.Crim.P. 105.

 Because under subparagraph (e) of new Rule 1.5, it is a prerequisite for the Committee to review and accept each proposed new local rule in advance of its promulgation, local courts must send all proposed new local rules to the Committee by June 1, 2016 so that the Committee has sufficient time to vet the proposed new local rules and send appropriate notices to the local courts before the sunset date of September 1, 2016. The Supreme Court has set forth these dates in its Order of December 1, 2015 re: Review and Vacatur of Local Orphans' Court Rules.

 If proposed local rules are submitted to the Committee by June 1, 2016, the Committee will review the proposed local rules to ensure that the proposal is not inconsistent with any current existing Supreme Court O.C. Rule and, absent unforeseen circumstances, the Committee will issue notice to the local court before September 1, 2016 as to whether the local rule may be adopted and promulgated. After June 1, 2016, local courts should continue to submit proposed new local rules to the Committee for review and vetting as required by subparagraph (e) of new Orphans' Court Rule 1.5. However, with respect to proposed local rules submitted for Committee review after June 1, 2016, the Committee does not guarantee that it will be able to respond to the local court prior to September 1, 2016, when all currently existing local rules in Chapters 1 through 13 and 17 are vacated.

 It is the Committee's belief that a review and redrafting of local rules will not prove to be difficult or time consuming for local courts and local county rule committees. First, the scope and breadth of the new Supreme Court O.C. Rules is so extensive and detailed that only a few areas will need to be covered by local rules. One of the purposes of the extensive set of new O.C. Rules is to eliminate the need for and presence of numerous and lengthy local orphans' court rules. Second, each new Supreme Court O.C. Rule has a note indicating the origins of that rule. It is anticipated that local county courts and county rule committees will be able to review the current local rules and determine whether to keep, redraft, or eliminate such local rules. The Committee hopes that the project of promulgating new local orphans' court rules will be one of primarily restructuring and reducing, and not one of redrafting and adding.

 Subparagraph (d) of Rule 1.5 requires each local rule to correspond to its Supreme Court O.C. Rule counterpart. This subparagraph does not forbid use of a letter before or after the number of the local rule. Finally, while the Committee appreciates the place and importance of local rules to effective and efficient judicial administration, the Committee nevertheless expresses reservations about allowing a local court to dismiss a pleading or grant or deny relief based upon non-compliance with a local rule. Notwithstanding, subparagraph (h) of Rule 1.5 provides that a party can be sanctioned for repeated failures to comply with a local rule.

Highlighting specific rules and changes in practice

 In a change from prior practice, Rule 1.8 and Rule 10.1 mandate exclusive use of Supreme Court-promulgated statewide forms. Because a goal of adopting these extensive and thorough statewide O.C. Rules is to implement best practices across the Commonwealth, the Supreme Court-promulgated forms must be used and filed exclusively. Uniformity and standardized practice across the Commonwealth will occur only when all practitioners are required to use, and all Registers and Clerks are required to accept, only Supreme Court-promulgated forms.

 The Supreme Court-promulgated form that accompanies the filing of an Account as provided in Rule 2.4 is titled ''Petition For Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution.'' This title, albeit verbose, accounts for the differences between counties with and without separate orphans' court divisions: in counties with separate orphans' court divisions, a petition for adjudication is presented when the Account is called for audit, whereas, in counties without separate orphans' court divisions, the Account is filed along with a statement of proposed distribution requesting confirmation and approval of the proposed distribution. By including both nomenclatures in the title of this form, the Committee means to indicate to practitioners and the bench that the form should be used and should accompany an Account filed in all counties regardless of whether the judicial district has a separate orphans' court division.

 Chapter II provides a complete and comprehensive set of rules governing Accounts and the disposition of disputes through the Account process. This Chapter establishes standardized, statewide procedures for (i) preparing and formatting Accounts; (ii) filing Accounts and the accompanying petitions for adjudication/statements of proposed distribution; (iii) providing notice to interested parties that an Account and a distribution proposal has been filed with the court; (iv) raising and pursuing objections by interested parties to the Account or distribution proposal; and (v) obtaining court approval confirming or adjudicating the Account and authorizing distribution as proposed or as modified.

 Following a practice currently in place in many counties, subparagraph (a) of Rule 2.4 requires the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution to be filed with the Account. The benefits of filing the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution simultaneously with the Account are as follows:

 (1) interested parties are able to obtain a copy and review the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution in advance so that they can then determine whether they have objections to the information and proposals in this pleading;

 (2) the accountant or his or her counsel is compelled at the time of the Account's filing to review the governing instrument and determine if there are interpretation questions or potential disputes about distribution; and

 (3) the court, if it is so inclined, can review the petition or statement in advance of the audit date or the last day for filing objections and notify the accountant or his or her counsel of deficiencies in the pleading or the absence of documents required to be attached.

 Next, Rule 2.5 aims to standardized procedures for who is to be notified of an Account's filing, when and how such notice is to be given, and what must be contained or enclosed with the notice. Starting first with the interested parties to be notified of an Account's filing, the following new subparagraphs are worth noting. Subparagraph (b) of Rule 2.5 requires notice of the Account's filing to be sent to both counsel and the interested individual or entity even when such interested party is represented by counsel. Remembering that estates may take years to administer and trusts may continue for generations, it is commonplace for counsel to have represented an interested party in the filing of a prior Account or the resolution of an earlier dispute. Given that the prior Account was adjudicated or the prior dispute resolved, the attorney-client relationship may have terminated by the time the subject Account is filed. If the individual or entity does not receive notice of the Account's filing, then such individual or entity may remain uninformed and lose rights to review the instant Account and pursue new objections. Second, subparagraph (c) of Rule 2.5 provides that if the proposed distribution is to an estate of which a charity is a beneficiary or to a trust of which a charity is a ''qualified beneficiary'' as such term is defined in 20 Pa.C.S. § 7703, then notice of the Account's filing also must be sent to the Attorney General. Similarly, if the proposed distribution is to an estate or trust and one of the accountants stating the Account is a fiduciary of the receiving estate or trust, then notice of the Account's filing must be provided to the beneficiaries of the recipient estate or trust.

 With respect to when and how notice is to be given, subparagraph (d) of Rule 2.5 requires written notice to be sent 20 days prior to the audit date in counties with separate orphans' court divisions or 20 days prior to the date when objections must be filed in counties without separate orphans' court divisions. If an audit is continued or the date for filing objections is extended, subparagraph (e) requires the mailing of additional notice to all parties who received the initial mailing, not simply those who may have already filed objections.

 Lastly, in regards to the contents of the notice, subparagraph (h) of Rule 2.5 requires the position of the accountant to be stated as to (i) any known dispute; (ii) a question regarding a document's interpretation; and (iii) its understanding of the nature of each contested or unpaid claim. While the Committee is aware that some fiduciaries are reluctant to take a stance, preferring instead to be a ''stakeholder,'' it is imperative for the fiduciary as the accountant to expressly state a position. Without a stated position, the beneficiary and/or creditor receiving notice of the Account's filing cannot know whether to pursue objections because such beneficiary and/or creditor is not made aware of what relief is being requested of the court.

 O.C. Rule 2.7 regarding objections expands upon prior O.C. Rule 6.10. In crafting this more detailed rule, the Committee reviewed the local rules of many counties and selected those provisions embodying best practices and explaining most clearly and comprehensively how objections should be pleaded and verified, and the time by which objections should be filed with the court.

 With the repeal of the equity rules on January 1, 2004, the authority to file and the procedures for resolving preliminary objections to Account objections vanished, resulting in a medley of judicial responses that ranged from refusing to permit preliminary objections to relying upon the rules of civil procedure. O.C. Rule 2.8 rectifies this vacuum and is derived in part from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1028. With that said, Rule 2.8 differs from its civil counterpart by limiting permissible preliminary objections to only two grounds: (i) lack of jurisdiction over the subject matter, and (ii) lack of standing. By limiting preliminary objections to only these two grounds in the Account context, the Committee balanced the need for a procedure by which the court quickly can address and perhaps dismiss objections to an Account with concern from practitioners and the bench not to allow ''scorched earth'' litigation tactics that increase the costs and delay resolution. Specifically, a court's lack of jurisdiction over the estate or trust or a party's lack of standing to pursue objections is paramount to an orderly and expedient adjudication or confirmation of an Account. On the other hand, the exclusion of scandalous or impertinent matter is not essential to the orderly disposition of objections, but rather serves only to delay the proceeding and cause substantial fees to be incurred by the res of the trust or estate or by the objecting party. Lack of jurisdiction over the person would never be a proper objection because the adjudication or confirmation of an Account is an in rem proceeding, not an in personam proceeding. Lack of specificity is not an impediment to resolving objections and thus a preliminary objection on these grounds would not aid the court. In most instances, the objecting beneficiary does not have the means to provide more specificity to its objections; the assets and much of the relevant information concerning these assets is in the possession of the fiduciary who prepared the Account.

 If a dispute is not brought before the orphans' court through the filing of an Account and the raising of objections, the other method by which to proceed in orphans' court is through the filing of a petition. The O.C. Rules contained in Chapter III are intended to have petition practice in orphans' court resemble as closely as possible petition practice in the other civil divisions. In fact, many of the Rules in Chapter III are derived from a particular rule of civil procedure as indicated by the notes appearing after each Rule in this Chapter.

 Chapter V sets forth rules governing specific petitions. In all but one instance, these Rules are derived from rules contained in prior O.C. Rule 12. The one exception is O.C. Rule 5.1 governing declaratory petitions, which is based upon a particular local court rule. In the Committee's opinion, the prevalence of declaratory judgment actions in orphans' court warrants a specific rule governing these petitions.

 Chapter VIII abolishes the long-standing tradition of Exception practice in orphans' court. The benefits and reasons for filing Exceptions are now historical. In a prior time, an en banc panel of orphans' court judges heard the Exceptions and determined whether the underlying order, decision, or adjudication should be vacated or amended. In today's practice, the jurist issuing the underlying opinion or order frequently is the only jurist considering the Exceptions. The practical effect is that Exceptions are considered and resolved today in much the same way that motions for reconsideration are considered and resolved, i.e., by the judge who was the trier of fact.

 For this reason, there is no reason to have different appellate tracks for orphans' court matters and civil matters. Parties, practitioners, and jurists at both the lower court and appellate level benefit if the orphans' court division employs the same procedures as the civil division for purposes of having the trial judge reconsider the underlying decision and for pursuing the appeal from any underlying order or opinion. Thus, in the accompanying new Rules, Rule 8.1 eliminates and abolishes Exceptions practice. Rule 8.2 establishes procedures for filing motions for reconsideration. Because this is a new regime in orphans' court, the last clause of subparagraph (a) of Rule 8.2 attempts to make clear that the filing of a motion for reconsideration does not toll the thirty (30) day period for filing an appeal unless, before the expiration of those thirty (30) days, the lower court issues an order granting reconsideration. Lastly, in keeping with prior Exception practice, subparagraph (c) of Rule 8.2 prohibits motions for reconsideration in involuntary termination proceedings and adoption matters, which is consistent with the provisions of children's fast track appeals found in Pa.R.A.P. 904(f) and 1925(a)(2).

 Lastly, the Committee believes the Rules in Chapter X strike the appropriate balance between keeping practice before the Register accessible to pro se individuals who cannot or do not wish to retain counsel and having uniform, statewide rules to ensure an orderly administration of quasi-judicial proceedings before the Register. These Rules, particularly Rule 10.3, establish uniform, predictable, and acceptable protocols for hearings conducted before the Register. In response to comments and concerns about the published proposal, the Committee did not recommend that all evidentiary hearings be recorded or transcribed or that the party initiating the hearing bear the costs of such recording and transcribing. Instead, subparagraph (a) of Rule 10.3 requires evidentiary hearings before the Register to be recorded or transcribed only when directed by the Register or requested by an interested party and the cost of this service is to be allocated among the parties as the Register directs. On the other hand, despite criticism, subparagraph (c) of this Rule, as did its counterpart in the published proposal, requires all evidentiary hearings before the Register to be conducted in accordance with the Pennsylvania Rules of Evidence. Justice is delayed and rendered ever more costly if the Registers are not required to adhere to the Pennsylvania Rules of Evidence, because on appeal to the orphans' court, the orphans' court will enforce and abide by the Pennsylvania Rules of Evidence. As a result, hearsay, unauthenticated documents, and unsubstantiated allegations admitted in the Register's hearing no longer will be admissible, which could result in the orphans' court reversing the decision of the Register. In the Committee's opinion, it is better for all interested parties if the inadmissible evidence never is introduced and considered at the initial hearing before the Register.

 Before concluding, the Committee wishes to extend both its gratitude and congratulations to all who have served on this Committee since 2007 and those who were specially consulted on this project or reviewed earlier permeations. The Committee is indebted to its present chairperson, John F. Meck, Esq., for steadily guiding this project to completion and to prior chairperson, the Honorable Calvin S. (''Pete'') Drayer, Jr., for his vision in beginning this project. The Committee also thanks its prior chairpersons, Mary Jane Barrett, Esq. and Margaret Gallagher Thompson, Esq., who were instrumental in faithfully maneuvering this project forward.

[Pa.B. Doc. No. 15-2208. Filed for public inspection December 18, 2015, 9:00 a.m.]
























~
PART II. ORPHANS’ COURT RULES

Rule	

1—13.     [Reserved].
14—16.     [Renumbered].
17.     [Reserved].

Chapter	

I.    PRELIMINARY RULES   
II.    ACCOUNTS, OBJECTIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS   
III.    PETITION PRACTICE AND PLEADING   
IV.    FORMAT AND SERVICE OF LEGAL PAPER BY PARTIES AND COURT; ELECTRONIC FILING   
V.    RULES GOVERNING SPECIFIC TYPES OF PETITIONS   
VI.    [Reserved]   
VII.    RULES RELATING TO PRE-HEARING AND HEARING PROCEDURE   
VIII.    RECONSIDERATION   
IX.    AUDITORS AND HEARING OFFICERS   
X.    REGISTER OF WILLS   
XI.    [Reserved]   
XII.    [Reserved]   
XIII.    [Reserved]   
XIV.    GUARDIANSHIPS OF INCAPACITATED PERSONS   
XV.    ADOPTIONS   
XVI.    PROCEEDINGS PURSUANT TO SECTION 3206 OF THE ABORTION CONTROL ACT   
        APPENDIX   
Source
   The provisions of this Part II amended December 5, 1975, 5 Pa.B. 3133, unless otherwise noted.

   (Editor’s Note: Rules 1—13 and 17 are rescinded and Rules 14 and 16 are amended under Supreme Court Order No. 682, dated December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016. See 45 Pa.B. 7098 (December 19, 2015). This order will be codified in the September 2016 Pennsylvania Code Reporter. Supreme Court Order No. 683, dated December 1, 2015, addresses local orphans’ court rules. See 45 Pa.B. 7126 (December 19, 2015).)
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/partIItoc.html&d 2025-10-02


Rule	

1—13.     [Reserved].
14—16.     [Renumbered].
17.     [Reserved].

Chapter	

I.    PRELIMINARY RULES
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8001/chap8001toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 1. [Reserved]
Rule


1.1.    [Reserved].
1.2.    [Reserved].
1.3.    [Reserved].
Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1 amended April 26, 1979, effective August 1, 1979, 9 Pa.B. 1514, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 1.1. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1.1 adopted April 26, 1979, effective August 1, 1979, 9 Pa.B. 1514; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (379783) to (379784).

Rule 1.2. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1.2 amended April 26, 1979, effective August 1, 1979, 9 Pa.B. 1514; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (379784).

Rule 1.3. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1.3 adopted October 16, 2006, effective 30 days from date on entry, 36 Pa.B. 6760; amended July 16, 2012, effective immediately, 42 Pa.B. 4908; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (379784).

CHAPTER I. PRELIMINARY RULES

Rule


1.1.    Short Title and Citation.
1.2.    Purpose, Application, and Construction of Rules.
1.3.    Definitions.
1.4.    Extension of Time Limitations.
1.5.    Local Rules.
1.6.    Mediation by Agreement, Local Rule, or Court Order.
1.7.    Entry and Withdrawal of Counsel.
1.8.    Forms.
1.22.    Citation of Authorities.
1.40    In Forma Pauperis.
1.99.    Confidential Information and Confidential Documents. Clarification.
Source
   The provisions of this Chapter I adopted December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 1.1. Short Title and Citation.
 These rules shall be known as the Pennsylvania Rules of Orphans’ Court Procedure and may be cited as ‘‘Pa.R.O.C.P.

’’
Comment
   The previous use of ‘‘Pa. O.C. Rule’’ to cite the Pennsylvania Rules of Orphans’ Court Procedure may not serve as a basis to invalidate a reference to that authority.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1.1 amended June 10, 2021, effective October 1, 2021, 51 Pa.B. 3443. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (400580).

Rule 1.2. Purpose, Application, and Construction of Rules.
 (a)  Purpose. These Rules adopted by the Supreme Court regulate the practice and procedure of the Orphans’ Court Divisions of this Commonwealth and the local rules adopted by such courts.

 (b)  Application. These Rules shall be liberally applied to secure the just, timely, and efficient determination of every action or proceeding to which they are applicable. The court at every stage of any action or proceeding may disregard any error or defect of procedure that does not affect the substantive rights of the parties in interest.

 (c)  Construction. In the construction of the Pennsylvania Rules of Orphans’ Court Procedure, the principles set forth in Pa.R.J.A. 104 to 115 shall be observed.

Comment:
   The Orphans’ Court Division exercises equitable powers and applies equitable principles. Estate of Hahn, 369 A.2d 1290, 1291-92 (Pa. 1977); Estate of Freihofer, 174 A.2d 282, 284 (Pa. 1961).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1.2 amended November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7151. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (408561).

Rule 1.3. Definitions.
 The following words and phrases when used in these Rules shall have the following meanings, respectively, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise or the particular word or phrase is expressly defined in the Chapter in which the particular Rule is included:

 ‘‘Accountant’’—a fiduciary or other party who has filed an Account;

 ‘‘Account’’—a financial report by a fiduciary of the principal and income transactions in the form prescribed by Rule 2.1, excluding the annual reports of Guardians;

 ‘‘Adult’’—an individual eighteen years of age or over;

 ‘‘Clerk’’—the Clerk of the Orphans’ Court Division or its equivalent;

 ‘‘Commonwealth’’—the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;

 ‘‘Court’’—the Orphans’ Court Division of the Court of Common Pleas or any judge thereof having jurisdiction;

 ‘‘Electronic Filing’’—the electronic transmission via the internet of a legal paper to the clerk;

 ‘‘Facsimile copy’’—a copy of a document transmitted and received by facsimile equipment;

 ‘‘Fiduciary’’—an agent under a power of attorney, custodian under the Uniform Transfers to Minors Act, personal representative, guardian, trustee, guardian ad litem, or trustee ad litem, and any other person acting in any similar capacity, whether domiciliary or ancillary, individual or corporate, subject to the jurisdiction of the court;

 ‘‘Filing Party’’—a party, or an attorney acting on behalf of a party, who files a legal paper;

 ‘‘Guardian’’—a fiduciary who has the care and management of the estate, the person, or both, of a minor or an incapacitated person;

 ‘‘Guardian ad litem or Trustee ad litem’’—a fiduciary who is appointed by a court in a legal proceeding to represent an individual or class of individuals under a legal disability;

 ‘‘Hearing Officer’’—a person who is appointed by the court to investigate any issue of fact and to report findings of fact, conclusions of law, and recommendations to the court. A hearing officer shall include any person now or formerly referred to as a master by rule of court or statute;

 ‘‘Incapacitated Person’’—a person determined to be incapacitated under the provisions of Chapter 55 of Title 20 (relating to incapacitated persons);

 ‘‘Interested Party’’—one or more individuals or entities having or claiming an interest in the estate, trust, person or other entity that is the subject of the legal proceeding;

 ‘‘Legal Paper’’—a document that is filed with the court;

 ‘‘Local Rule’’—every Rule promulgated in accordance with Rule 1.5;

 ‘‘Majority’’—when used in reference to age, means of the age of eighteen years or over;

 ‘‘Minor’’—an individual under the age of eighteen years;

 ‘‘Motion’’—if in writing, a legal paper that must be signed, but does not need to be verified, does not plead any facts not of record, and does not require the court to obtain jurisdiction over an Interested Party;

 ‘‘Objector’’—an individual or entity filing objections to an Account and/or Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution pursuant to Rule 2.7;

 ‘‘Personal Representative’’—the executor or administrator of any description of a decedent’s estate;

 ‘‘Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution’’—a uniform, statewide form promulgated by the Supreme Court used in conjunction with the filing of an Account (see Appendix of forms);

 ‘‘Pleading’’—a type of legal paper that must be signed and verified in accordance with Rules 3.12 and 3.13 and includes, but is not limited to, petitions, answers, replies, and certain preliminary objections;

 ‘‘Publication’’—the publication in a newspaper of general circulation where such newspaper is originally issued and circulated;

 ‘‘Register of Wills’’ or ‘‘Register’’—the Register of Wills or its equivalent having jurisdiction or authority to probate wills and grant letters as provided by 20 Pa.C.S. §  901;

 ‘‘Supreme Court’’—the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth;

 ‘‘Verified’’—when used in reference to a written statement of fact, means supported by the signer’s oath or affirmation or made subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

   Comment

   This definitional section is new; but, some of the definitions are substantively identical to the definitions in former Rule 2.3 and other definitions are taken from and are similar to Pa.R.Civ.P. No. 76. The term ‘‘hearing officer’’ is used in these Rules in the same manner as ‘‘master’’ in the Probate, Estates and Fiduciaries Code, 20 Pa.C.S. § §  101 et seq. See, e.g., 20 Pa.C.S. §  751(1).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1.3 amended January 6, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 441. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (382093) to (382094) and (400581).

Rule 1.4. Extension of Time Limitations.
 The court, upon its own motion or the motion of any party, may extend any time period prescribed by these Rules.

   Note

   Rule 1.4 is identical to former Rule 2.2.

Rule 1.5. Local Rules.
 (a)  All previously promulgated local rules are hereby vacated, effective September 1, 2016, except for those local rules promulgated under Chapter XIV regarding guardianship of incapacitated persons, Chapter XV regarding adoptions, and Chapter XVI regarding proceedings pursuant to Section 3206 of the Abortion Control Act.

 (b)  All previously promulgated local rules under Chapter XIV regarding guardianship of incapacitated persons are hereby vacated, effective June 1, 2019.

 (c)  All previously promulgated local rules under Chapter XV regarding adoptions are hereby vacated, effective July 1, 2022.

 (d)  The requirements for the promulgation and amendment of local procedural rules for orphans’ court proceedings are set forth in Pennsylvania Rule of Judicial Administration 103(d).

 (e)  The local rules applicable to practice in the Civil or Trial Division of the local Court of Common Pleas shall not be applicable in the Orphans’ Court Division unless so directed by these Rules or by local rule adopted by the court of the particular judicial district in accordance with Pa.R.J.A. No. 103(d).

   Note

    Effective August 1, 2016, Pennsylvania Rule of Judicial Administration 103 was amended to consolidate and include all local rulemaking requirements. Accordingly, the rulemaking requirements under Pa. O.C. Rule 1.5 for the promulgation and amendment of local procedural rules for orphans’ court proceedings were rescinded and replaced.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1.5 rescinded and replaced June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3804; amended June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524; amended July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (408563).

Rule 1.6. Mediation by Agreement, Local Rule, or Court Order.
 All parties having an interest in a matter may participate by written agreement, or the court by local rule or order in a particular matter may provide for the parties to participate, in private mediation or in court-supervised mediation.

   Note

   Rule 1.6 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules.

   Explanatory Comment

   The confidentiality of mediation is provided by statute, See 42 Pa.C.S. §  5949.

Rule 1.7. Entry and Withdrawal of Counsel.
 (a)  Appearance. Any counsel appearing before the court or the Register shall enter a written appearance by any one of the following means:

   (1)  filing an entry of appearance with the clerk or the Register;

   (2)  signing a legal paper that is filed with the clerk or the Register; or

   (3)  as prescribed by local rule, which may include submitting an appearance slip to the court, entering counsel’s information when a legal paper is filed, or signing a cover sheet.

 (b)  Withdrawal. Counsel who has entered an appearance before the court as provided in subparagraph (a) shall not be permitted to withdraw without filing a petition to withdraw and obtaining the court’s leave, unless co-counsel, if any, will continue representing the party or there is a simultaneous entry of appearance by other counsel that will not delay the litigation.

   Note

   Rule 1.7 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is based upon many local rules of similar import.

   Explanatory Comment

   Admission pro hac vice in accordance with Pennsylvania Bar Admission Rule 301 shall proceed by request, the disposition and content of which shall conform to the requirements of Pennsylvania Rule of Civil Procedure No. 1012.1.

Rule 1.8. Forms.
 (a)  The forms approved by the Supreme Court for statewide practice and procedure before the Registers and courts shall be used exclusively and accepted for filing by all Registers and clerks; provided, however, versions of a Supreme Court-approved form shall be acceptable for filing if identical in content and sequential ordering.

 (b)  The forms approved by the Supreme Court for statewide practice are set forth in an Appendix to these rules. The forms may be revised and supplemented from time to time. The forms shall also be maintained for public access at the official website of the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts.

 (c)  The Court Administrator of Pennsylvania, in consultation with the Orphans’ Court Procedural Rules Committee and the Advisory Council on Elder Justice in the Courts, shall prescribe forms necessary to implement Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.8(a).

 (d) A court may require a legal paper to be accompanied by a cover sheet or checklist. A court that imposes such requirements must promulgate a local rule, numbered Local Rule 1.8(d), stating the requirements and setting forth the form of the cover sheet or checklist.

Comment:
   Pa.R.O.C.P. 1.8 is substantively similar to former Pa.R.O.C.P. 1.3, but with some modifications. The statewide forms are set forth in the Appendix to these rules. The current website for electronic access to the forms is found at https://www.pacourts.us/forms/for-the-public/orphans-court-forms. The forms posted on the website are capable of on-line completion.

   In 2019, Pa.R.O.C.P. 1.8 was revised to permit versions of Supreme Court forms to be accepted for filing, provided the replication was identical in content. This revision was intended to permit forms to differ stylistically as to format if content requirements do not differ. This revision was not intended to permit the re-ordering of content required by a form.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1.8 amended December 18, 2024, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (409784) and (413421).

Rule 1.22. Citation of Authorities.
 Citation of authorities in matters subject to these rules shall be in accordance with Pa.R.A.P. 126.

Comment
   See also 210 Pa. Code §  65.37 and Wenk v. State Farm Fire and Casualty Co., 228 A.3d 540, 552 n.11 (Pa. Super. 2020) for citing to non-precedential decisions of the Superior Court; and Pa.R.A.P. 3716 and 210 Pa. Code. §  69.414 for citing to non-precedential decisions of the Commonwealth Court.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1.22 added February 13, 2023, effective April 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1052.

Rule 1.40. In Forma Pauperis.
 Pa.R.C.P. No. 240 shall apply in every action or proceeding before a court covered by these Rules.

   Explanatory Comment

   Under Pa.R.C.P. No. 240, a party who is found by the court to be without financial resources to pay the costs of filing a legal paper or other costs of an action or proceeding before the court shall have such costs waived. This Rule does not apply in matters before a Register of Wills.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1.40 adopted January 2, 2020, effective April 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 306.

Rule 1.99. Confidential Information and Confidential Documents. Certification.
 Unless public access is otherwise constrained by applicable authority, any attorney, or any party if unrepresented, who files a legal paper pursuant to these rules with the clerk shall comply with the requirements of Sections 7.0 and 8.0 of the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania (Policy) including a certification of compliance with the Policy and, as necessary, a Confidential Information Form, unless otherwise specified by rule or order of court, or a Confidential Document Form, in accordance with the Policy.

   Note

   Applicable authority includes but is not limited to statute, procedural rule, or court order. The Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania (Policy) can be found on the website of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania at http://www.pacourts.us/public-records. Sections 7.0(D) and 8.0(D) of the Policy provide that the certification shall be in substantially the following form:

   

  I certify that this filing complies with the provisions of the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania that require filing confidential information and documents differently than non-confidential information and documents.

   The Confidential Information Form and the Confidential Document Form can be found at http://www.pacourts.us/public-records. In lieu of the Confidential Information Form, Section 7.0(C) of the Policy provides for a court to adopt a rule or order permitting the filing of a document in two versions, a ‘‘Redacted Version’’ and an ‘‘Unredacted Version.’’

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1.99 adopted January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390182) to (390183).





























~ II.    ACCOUNTS, OBJECTIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8002/chap8002toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 2. [Reserved]
Rule


2.1.    [Reserved].
2.2.    [Reserved].
2.3.    [Reserved].
Rule 2.1. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2.1 reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (307573).

Rule 2.2. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2.2 reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (307573).

Rule 2.3. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2.3 amended October 18, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 5891; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceeding text appears at serial page (307573).

CHAPTER II. ACCOUNTS, OBJECTIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS

Rule


2.1.    Form of Account.
2.2.    Form; Assets Transferred by the Exercise of a Power of Appointment.
2.3.    Form; Separate Accounts for Minors.
2.4.    Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution; Virtual Representation.
2.5.    Notice of Account Filing.
2.6.    Filing with the Clerk.
2.7.    Objections to Accounts or Petitions for Adjudication/Statements of Proposed Distribution.
2.8.    Pleadings Allowed After Objections are Filed.
2.9.    Confirmation of Accounts; Awards.
2.10.    Foreign Heirs and Unknown Distributees.
2.11.    Appointment of Official Examiners.
Source
   The provisions of this Chapter II adopted December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 2.1. Form of Account.
 (a)  Except where otherwise provided by an order of the court in a particular matter, Accounts shall be prepared and filed with the clerk in conformity with the form of the Model Accounts set forth in the Appendix or in conformity with any other form adopted by the Supreme Court subsequent to the date of adoption of these Rules.

 (b)  As illustrated in the Model Accounts, Accounts shall conform to the following rules:

   (1)  The dates of all receipts, disbursements and distributions, the sources of the receipts, and the persons to whom disbursements and distributions are made and the purpose thereof shall be stated. When a number of payments have been received from the same source or disbursed or distributed to the same recipient for the same purpose over a period of time, such receipts, disbursements or distributions need not be itemized, but may be stated in total amounts only, with beginning and ending dates within the period covered.

   (2)  Except where otherwise provided by an order of the court in a particular matter, principal and income shall be accounted for separately within the Account.

   (3)  Assets held by the accountant on the closing date of the Account shall be separately itemized.

   (4)  Every Account shall contain:

     (i)   a cover page;

     (ii)   a summary page with page references;

     (iii)   separate schedules, as needed, which set forth receipts, gains or losses on sales or other dispositions, disbursements, distributions, investments made, changes in holdings, and other schedules as appropriate; and

     (iv)   signature pages signed by all the accountants stating the Account and verified by at least one of the accountants. The verification of a personal representative’s Account shall contain a statement that the Grant of Letters and the first complete advertisement thereof occurred more than four months before the filing of the Account, unless the personal representative has been directed by the court to file an Account prior to that time.

 (c)  The Uniform Fiduciary Accounting Principles with accompanying commentaries and illustrations, recommended by the Committee on National Fiduciary Accounting Standards in collaboration with the National Center for State Courts, shall serve as an elaboration of the requirements of this Rule.

 (d)  When a non-profit corporation incorporated for charitable purposes or a cemetery company is required to file an Account, such corporation or company may file its financial statements for its three most recent fiscal years in lieu of filing an Account in the form required by this Rule. Financial statements shall be verified to be true and correct by a representative of the non-profit corporation or cemetery company.

   (1)  The court may require the corporation or company to submit its financial information in some other form or for some longer period.

   (2)  The court may require more or less financial information as it deems appropriate, including some or all of the following:

     (i)   the statute or other authority under which the corporation or company was incorporated and the date of its incorporation;

     (ii)   the names and addresses of the trustees or directors of the corporation or company;

     (iii)   a concise statement of the general purpose of the corporation or company; and

     (iv)   a copy of the corporation’s or company’s charter or articles of incorporation and bylaws.

   Note

   Rule 2.1 is substantively similar to former Rule 6.1 and Rule 12.15, except that certain subparagraphs have been reordered and Rule 12.15 and its Official Note have become subparagraph (d).

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

   Explanatory Comment

   Piggy-backed Accounts and limited Accounts are permitted pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § §  762, 3501.2, and 7799.1.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2.1 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573; amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (382100) and (392675).

Rule 2.2. Form; Assets Transferred by the Exercise of a Power of Appointment.
 Assets that are appointed pursuant to the exercise of a power of appointment shall be accounted for separately, and testamentary assets shall be segregated from appointive assets.

   Note

   Rule 2.2 has been revised but remains substantively similar to subparagraph (d) of former Rule 6.1.

Rule 2.3. Form; Separate Accounts for Minors.
 Unless the court for cause shown directs otherwise, the estate of each minor or the custodial account of each minor shall be accounted for separately.

   Note

   Rule 2.3 is substantively similar to former Rule 6.2, except that Rule 2.3 now also expressly encompasses the Account of a minor’s custodial account.

Rule 2.4. Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution; Virtual Representation.
 (a)  A petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution shall be filed with the clerk at the time of filing an Account.

 (b)  In addition to other information required by the form, the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution shall set forth the name of each interested party (whether sui juris or not) who is not receiving notice of the filing of the Account and the filing of the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution because another individual or entity is proposed to represent such interested party pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  751(6) or § §  7721—7726, and shall set forth additional facts as to the following:

   (1)  a statement of the interested party’s interest in the property; and

   (2)  for representation being proposed pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  751(6),

     (i)   a statement that the interested party is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained; and

     (ii)   one of the following:

       (A)   a statement that the proposed representative has an interest in the property similar to that of the interested party who is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained; or

       (B)   a statement that the proposed representative is the sui juris living ancestor of the interested party who is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained and that such living sui juris ancestor has an interest in the property that is not adverse to that of the interested party who is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained; and

   (3)  for representation in trust matters being proposed pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § §  7721—7726,

     (i)   an explanation about how the interested party’s interest in the property can be adequately represented by the proposed representative pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  7723,

     (ii)   a statement that with respect to the matter at issue there is no conflict of interest between the proposed representative and the interested party to be represented that will or might affect the impartiality of the proposed representative (except as provided pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  7723(7)); and

     (iii)   one of the following:

       (A)   either a statement that the proposed representative has been informed of the right to decline such representation pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  7725 within the time period set forth therein and has failed to inform the trustee in writing that he or she declines to be the proposed representative; or

       (B)   that the proposed representative’s signed consent to serve is attached as an exhibit to the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution.

 (c)  The petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution shall be accompanied by such legal paper as is required by the form.

 (d)  At least one of the accountants stating the Account shall sign and verify the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution in accordance with Rules 3.12 and 3.13.

 (e)  Counsel for the accountant shall sign the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution in accordance with and pursuant to Rule 3.12.

Comment:
   Although substantially modified, Pa.R.O.C.P. 2.4 is derived from former Pa.R.O.C.P. 6.9. One modification is to require averments for virtual representation under 20 Pa.C.S. §  751(6) generally and representation in ‘‘trust matters’’ pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § §  7721 et seq. Another substantial modification is the addition of subdivision (e) that requires counsel to sign the petition for adjudication/statement of distribution attesting that the submitted petition for adjudication/statement of distribution accurately replicates the Model Form and subjects counsel to rules and sanctions as provided in Pa.R.Civ.P. 1023.1—1023.4. (See Pa.R.O.C.P. 3.12.)

   See Pa.R.O.C.P. 5.50 for procedures governing petitions for the settlement of small estates filed pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  3102.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Pa.R.O.C.P. 1.99.

   The Supreme Court has adopted form petitions for adjudication/statements of proposed distribution of a decedent’s estate, trust, guardian of an incapacitated person’s estate, guardian of a minor’s estate, and the estate of a principal stated by an agent under a power of attorney. These form petitions for adjudication/statements of proposed distribution are the exclusive forms for adjudicating an Account, and consequently, the local court and clerk must accept these statewide forms and may not accept or allow any other forms previously permitted under local rules. The exclusive statewide form petitions for adjudication/statements of proposed distribution appear in the Appendix to these rules and are available electronically at https://www.pacourts.us/forms/for-the-public/orphans-court-forms.

   Cover sheets or checklists may be required by local rule as permitted by Pa.R.O.C.P. 1.8(d).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2.4 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573; amended August 18, 2020, effective October 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 4387; amended December 18, 2024, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (399696) and (402505).

Rule 2.5. Notice of Account Filing.
 (a)  No Account shall be confirmed or statement of proposed distribution approved unless the accountant has given written notice of the filing of the Account as provided in subparagraph (d) of this Rule to the following, as applicable:

   (1)  every unpaid claimant who has given written notice of his or her claim to the accountant or who has performed any action that is the equivalent of giving written notice as provided in 20 Pa.C.S. § §  3384 or 7755;

   (2)  any other individual or entity with an asserted claim known to the accountant that is not shown in either the Account or the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution as being either paid in full or to be paid in full;

   (3)  any other individual or entity known to the accountant to have or claim an interest in the estate or trust as a beneficiary, heir, or next of kin, except for those legatees or claimants whose legacies or claims have been satisfied in fullas reflected in the Account or will be satisfied in full as proposed in the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution;

   (4)  for an Account where a charitable interest is involved, refer to Rule 4.4; and

   (5)  to each co-fiduciary who does not join in the statement of Account.

 (b)  Notice to an individual or entity shall be given in accordance with Rule 4.2; provided, however, that if the individual or entity is represented by counsel who has entered his or her appearance in accordance with Rule 1.7(a), notice shall be given to counsel and the individual or entity.

 (c)  If the proposed distribution is to an estate having a charitable interest or to a trust, and a charity is a ‘‘qualified beneficiary,’’ as defined in 20 Pa.C.S. §  7703, of that trust, then notice shall be given to the Attorney General on behalf of the charitable beneficiary. If the proposed distribution is to an estate or trust and any one of the accountants stating the Account is a personal representative or a trustee of the recipient estate or trust, then notice shall also be given to the beneficiaries of the estate or trust, to the extent known.

 (d)  Written notice, as provided in subparagraph (a) of this Rule, shall be mailed at least 20 days prior to the audit in those counties having a separate Orphans’ Court Division or 20 days prior to the date by which objections must be filed in all other counties, and the written notice shall state the date of the audit or the date by which objections must be filed, and the time and place of the audit, if one is to be held, to the extent then known. A party residing outside of the United States shall have 60 days, rather than 20 days, within which to file an objection. If an audit is to be held and the date, time, and place of the audit is not known at the time the notice is mailed, the notice shall state that the date, time, and place of the audit will be provided upon request. A copy of the Account, petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution, and any legal paper filed therewith shall be sent with the notice, unless the recipient of the notice is a trust beneficiary who is not a ‘‘qualified beneficiary’’ as defined in 20 Pa.C.S. §  7703, or unless the court orders otherwise in a particular matter.

 (e)  If the audit of an Account is continued or the date for filing written objections is extended, additional notice shall be mailed at least 20 days prior to the date of the continued audit or the new date for filing written objections to all of those who initially received notice of the Account’s filing. The additional notice shall state the date of the continued audit or the date by which objections must be filed, and the time and place of the continued audit, if one is to be held, to the extent then known. If the time and place of the continued audit is not known at the time the additional notice is mailed, the additional notice shall state that the time and place of the continued audit will be provided upon request.

 (f)  All notices and additional notices shall be sent by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid. Service by mail is complete upon mailing.

 (g)  A certificate of service and a copy of the notice shall be appended to the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution or filed with the clerk prior to the audit or continued audit date, in those counties having a separate Orphans’ Court Division, or by the date when objections must be filed in all other counties.

 (h)  The notice shall contain the information provided in subparagraphs (1), (2), and (3), as applicable, and, in all cases, shall contain a statement as provided in subparagraph (4):

   (1)  the accountant’s position on any known dispute or interpretation question, together with a copy of any instrument or material parts thereof containing any provision which forms the basis of the dispute or question;

   (2)  the accountant’s understanding of the nature of each contested or unpaid claim, a detailed explanation that specifically identifies the claim, whether the claim is admitted or contested, and if admitted, why the claim is not being paid in full;

   (3)  if the Account and petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution is not sent with the notice pursuant to subparagraph (d) of this Rule, the notice shall state the amount of all compensation paid or payable to the accountant, all attorneys’ fees paid or payable, and that copies of the Account and petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution are available upon request; and

   (4)  that any recipient of the notice who objects to any transaction shown in the Account, any interpretation or position taken by the accountant, or to any payment, failure to pay, distribution proposed, or any other aspect of the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution must file written objections in accordance with Rule 2.7 with the clerk on or before the audit date in those counties holding an audit and by a specified date in all other counties, and if there is no such objection, then no action need be taken as such recipient will be deemed to have approved the Account, as stated, and agreed with the accountant’s position on any dispute or question as set forth in the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution, if any, and with the accountant’s proposed disbursements and distribution.

   Note

   Although substantially modified, Rule 2.5 is derived from former Rule 6.3.

   Explanatory Comment

   Pursuant to the cross-references to 20 Pa.C.S. § §  3384 and 7755, notice of the claim given to accountant’s counsel of record is notice to the accountant. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  3384(b)(4). If the court is inclined not to agree with accountant’s position, interpretation or proposed disbursements and distribution, best practice would be for the court to direct the accountant to notify the interested parties of the court’s position and what additional action must be taken by any interested party who objects to the court’s position.

   It is permissible for a party to waive the written notice required by this Rule.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2.5 amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (392677) to (392679).

Rule 2.6. Filing with the Clerk.
 All Accounts shall be filed with the clerk.

   Note

   Rule 2.6 is derived from what was formerly Rule 6.6. Former Rule 6.4 regarding the time for filing the first Account of the personal representative has been deleted as it is codified in 20 Pa.C.S. §  3501.1.

Rule 2.7. Objections to Accounts or Petitions for Adjudication/Statements of Proposed Distribution.
 (a)  Objections to an Account and/or a petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution shall be filed with the clerk on or before the time and date of the audit in those counties holding an audit, and by a specified date in all other counties, with a copy served on the accountant or the accountant’s counsel, if represented, and to each interested party and claimant who received the notice pursuant to Rule 2.5, to the extent known, pursuant to Rule 4.3.

 (b)  Objections shall be in writing, with consecutively numbered paragraphs, signed by counsel, or if not represented by counsel, then by all the objectors in accordance with Rule 3.12. Objections shall be verified by at least one of the objectors in accordance with Rule 3.13.

 (c)  Each objection shall:

   (1)  be specific as to description and amount;

   (2)  raise one issue of law or fact, but if there are several objections relating to the same issue, all such objections shall be included in the same paragraph as subparts; and

   (3)  briefly set forth the reason or reasons in support thereof.

 (d)  The court may extend the time for filing objections.

   Note

   Although substantially modified, Rule 2.7 is derived from former Rule 6.10.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

   Explanatory Comment

   If the notice received by the objector has a service list appended to it setting forth the name and address of each interested party who received the notice under Rule 2.5, the objector must mail his or her objections to every name and address appearing on the service list.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2.7 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573; amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392680).

Rule 2.8. Pleadings Allowed After Objections are Filed.
 (a)  Answers to objections, preliminary objections to objections, and answers to preliminary objections are permitted, but a party does not waive any rights by failing to file any of the foregoing. If an answer to objections is filed, no responsive pleading to the answer is permitted.

 (b)  Preliminary objections to objections shall be limited to lack of jurisdiction over the subject matter and lack of standing.

 (c)  If filed, answers to objections, preliminary objections to objections, and answers to preliminary objections must be filed within 20 days after service of the applicable preceding pleading, with a copy served upon the accountant, if applicable, and to each interested party and claimant who received the notice pursuant to Rule 2.5, or to his or her counsel, if represented.

 (d)  The court may summarily decide preliminary objections to objections and may do so prior to the filing of an answer to the preliminary objections.

   Note

   Rule 2.8 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

   Explanatory Comment

   Preliminary objections to objections are limited in the grounds that may be raised. Insufficient specificity, failure to conform to law, and the inclusion of scandalous or impertinent matter, inter alia, are not properly raised as preliminary objections to objections. (Cf. Rule 3.9 and Pa.R.C.P. No. 1028).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2.8 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390190) to (390191).

Rule 2.9. Confirmation of Accounts; Awards.
 (a)  An Account shall be confirmed or petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution approved when an adjudication or a decree of distribution is issued by the court and docketed by the clerk, expressly confirming the Account or approving the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution and specifying, or indicating by reference to the petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution, the names of those to whom the balance available for distribution is awarded and the amount or share awarded to each.

 (b)  An adjudication confirming an Account discharges the fiduciaries as to those transactions set forth in the Account.

 (c)  The practice related to Schedules of Distribution shall be prescribed by local rule.

   Note

   Rule 2.9 is substantively similar to former Rule 6.11(a). Former Rule 6.11(b) has been deleted.

Rule 2.10. Foreign Heirs and Unknown Distributees.
 (a)  If it appears that the decedent may have heirs in a foreign country but their location, existence or identity is unknown, the accountant or his or her counsel shall notify the consulate of the country, prior to audit, of the facts indicating that the decedent may have had heirs in that country.

 (b)  Whenever the existence, identity or whereabouts of a distributee is unknown, or it appears that a distributee may not have the actual benefit, use, enjoyment or control of the money or other property if awarded to him or her, or the court is requested to withhold distribution or to make an award other than to the distributee or his or her nominee, the accountant or his or her counsel shall submit to the court or auditor, as the case may be, a written report outlining the investigation made and the facts relevant thereto. The report shall be in such form and may be filed at such place and time as shall be prescribed by local rule or order of the court.

   Note

   With only minor modifications, Rule 2.10 is substantively similar to former Rules 13.2 and 13.3. Former Rule 13.1 has been deleted.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2.10 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 2, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390191) to (390192).

Rule 2.11. Appointment of Official Examiners.
 The court, by local rule or order in a particular matter, may appoint an official examiner who shall examine the assets held by or the transactions of any fiduciary.

   Comment

   Rule 2.11 is substantively identical to former Rule 9.1. The appointment and conduct of Auditors and Hearing Officers is provided for in Chapter IX.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 2.11 amended January 6, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 441. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392682).




























~ III.    PETITION PRACTICE AND PLEADING
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8003/chap8003toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 3. [Reserved]
Rule


3.1.    [Reserved].
3.2—3.6    [Reserved].
3.7.    [Reserved].
Rule 3.1. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 3.1 amended December 10, 2013, effective February 10, 2014, 43 Pa.B. 7545; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (370011).

Rule 3.2—3.6. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of these Rules 3.2—3.6 reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (370011) to (370012).

Rule 3.7. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 3.7 adopted October 18, 2004, effective immediately, 34 Pa.B. 5891; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (370012) and (307577) to (307579).

CHAPTER III. PETITION PRACTICE AND PLEADING

Part	

A.    Petition Practice…3.1
B.    Responsive Pleadings…3.6
C.    Pleadings in General…3.12
Source
   The provisions of this Chapter III adopted December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted.


Part A. Petition Practice

Rule


3.1.    Petitions Generally.
3.2.    Headings; Captions.
3.3.    Contents of All Pleadings; General and Specific Averments.
3.4.    Form of Petition; Exhibits; Consents; Signing and Verification.
3.5.    Mode of Proceeding on Petition.
Rule 3.1. Petitions Generally.
 Matters may be raised before the court by written petition filed with the clerk in conformity with these Rules. Petitions for adjudication/statements of proposed distribution shall be governed by Chapter II.

   Note

   Rule 3.1 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules.

   Explanatory Comment

   The filing of an Account provides the procedure for raising questions related to the administration or distribution of an estate or trust, including a guardianship or minor’s estate as well as a decedent’s estate. Application to the Orphans’ Court Division may also be commenced by a petition that is verified or attested by an affidavit. See 20 Pa.C.S. § §  761, 762.

Rule 3.2. Headings; Captions.
 Pleadings shall include the docket number, if one has been assigned to the matter by the clerk or Register, and shall include a heading identifying the type of pleading filed, and in the case of a petition, identifying the nature of the relief requested therein. In those counties having a separate Orphans’ Court Division, pleadings shall be captioned ‘‘Court of Common Pleas of

County, Orphans’ Court Division’’.
   Note

   Rule 3.2 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1018.

Rule 3.3. Contents of All Pleadings; General and Specific Averments.
 The following rules shall apply to all pleadings:

 (a)  Every pleading shall be divided into consecutively numbered paragraphs. Each paragraph shall contain as far as practicable only one material allegation.

 (b)  The material facts on which a cause of action or defense is based shall be stated in a concise and summary form.

 (c)  Averments of fraud or mistake shall be averred with particularity. Malice, intent, knowledge, and other conditions of mind may be averred generally.

 (d)  In pleading the performance or occurrence of conditions precedent, it is sufficient to aver generally that all conditions precedent have been performed or have occurred. A denial of such performance or occurrence shall be made specifically and with particularity.

 (e)  In pleading an official document or official act, it is sufficient to identify it by reference and aver that the document was issued or the act done in compliance with law.

 (f)  In pleading a judgment, order or decision of a domestic or foreign court, judicial or administrative tribunal, or board, commission or officer, it is sufficient to aver the judgment, order or decision without setting forth matter showing jurisdiction to render it.

 (g)  Averments of time and place shall be specifically stated.

 (h)  Any part of a pleading may be incorporated by reference in another part of the same pleading or in another pleading in the same action. A party may incorporate by reference any matter of record in any state or federal court of record whose records are within the county in which the action is pending, or any matter which is recorded or transcribed verbatim in the office of the prothonotary, clerk of any court of record, recorder of deeds or Register of such county.

 (i)  When any claim or defense is based upon an agreement, the pleading shall state specifically if the agreement is oral or written.

 (j)  When any claim or defense is based upon a writing, the pleading shall have attached to it a copy of the writing, or the material part thereof, but if the writing or copy is not accessible to the pleader, it is sufficient so to state, identifying the reason therefor, and setting forth the substance of the writing.

   Note

   Rule 3.3 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 206.1(c) and Pa.R.C.P. No. 1019.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 3.3 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (382110) and (390193).

Rule 3.4. Form of Petition; Exhibits; Consents; Signing and Verification.
 (a)  In addition to the requirements of Rules 3.2 and 3.3, a petition shall set forth:

   (1)  a title indicating briefly the purpose of the petition;

   (2)  a concise statement of the facts relied upon to establish the court’s jurisdiction and to justify the relief requested;

   (3)  the questions of law with respect to the petition and the relief requested;

   (4)  if the trust includes a charitable interest for which notice is required under Rule 4.4, whether the Office of the Attorney General has been given notice, whether the Office of the Attorney General has issued a statement of no objection to the petition, or the reason for failing to give the Office of the Attorney General notice;

   (5)  the names and addresses of every interested party who has an interest in the matter that is the subject of the petition;

   (6)  the name of any individual who is an interested party but is not sui juris, along with the following information:

     (i)   the name and address of the guardian, agent under power of attorney, or another individual being proposed to represent such individual, if any;

     (ii)   if such individual is a minor and no guardian has been appointed for such minor’s estate, the minor’s age, the names and addresses of his or her parents, and the individual with whom he or she resides or the facility at which he or she resides; and

     (iii)   if the non-sui juris individual is proposed to be represented in the matter at issue by another individual or entity pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § §  751(6) or 7721—7726, then subparagraph (7) of this Rule shall also apply;

   (7)  the name of each interested party (whether sui juris or not) who is not receiving notice of the filing of the petition because another individual or entity is proposed to represent such interested party pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § §  751(6) or 7721—7726, and shall set forth additional facts as to the following:

     (i)   a statement of the interested party’s interest in the property; and

     (ii)   for representation being proposed pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  751(6),

       (A)   a statement that the interested party is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained; and

       (B)   one of the following:

         (I)   a statement that the proposed representative has an interest in the property similar to that of the interested party who is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained; or

         (II)   a statement that the proposed representative is the sui juris living ancestor of the interested party who is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained and that such living sui juris ancestor has an interest in the property that is not adverse to that of the interested party who is not sui juris or is unborn, unknown or unascertained; and

     (iii)   for representation in trust matters being proposed pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. § §  7721—7726,

       (A)   an explanation about how the interested party’s interest in the property can be adequately represented by the proposed representative pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  7723,

       (B)   a statement that with respect to the matter at issue there is no conflict of interest between the proposed representative and the interested party to be represented that will or might affect the impartiality of the proposed representative (except as provided pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  7723(7)); and

       (C)   one of the following:

         (I)   either a statement that the proposed representative has been informed of the right to decline such representation pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  7725 within the time period set forth therein and has failed to inform the trustee in writing that he or she declines to be the proposed representative; or

         (II)   that the proposed representative’s signed consent to serve is attached as an exhibit to such petition; and

   (8)  a prayer for the relief desired.

 (b)  A proposed form of decree bearing the caption of the case and setting forth the relief requested in the prayer of the petition shall be attached to the front of the petition. In the case of a petition requiring a citation under Rule 3.5(a), a proposed form of preliminary decree for the issuance of the citation to the interested parties, subject to subparagraph (a)(7) of this Rule, shall also be attached to the front of the petition.

 (c)  Petitioner shall attach to the petition such exhibits, consents or approvals as may be required by these Rules, applicable statute, or local rule. If the petitioner is unable to attach any necessary exhibit, consent or approval, the petition shall so state and identify the reason therefor.

 (d)  The petition shall be verified by at least one of the petitioners in accordance with Rule 3.13 and signed by counsel, or if not represented by counsel, then signed by all the petitioners in accordance with Rule 3.12.

   Note

   Rule 3.4 is based upon former Rule 3.3 and Rule 3.4, but has been modified to require averments for virtual representation under 20 Pa.C.S. §  751(6) generally and representation in ‘‘trust matters’’ pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  7721 et seq. Another modification is the addition of subparagraph (d) that requires petitioner’s counsel to sign the petition, or all of the petitioners to sign the petition, if unrepresented, thereby subjecting these signatories to rules and sanctions as provided in Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1023.1 through 1023.4. (See Rule 3.12.)

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 3.4 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390193) to (390195).

Rule 3.5. Mode of Proceeding on Petition.
 (a)  Citation Practice.

   (1)  When personal jurisdiction is required and has not previously been obtained or conferred by statute, or when a citation is otherwise required by statute, the petition shall include a preliminary decree for the issuance of a citation to those interested parties for whom a citation is necessary to show cause why the relief requested in the petition should not be granted.

   (2)  The citation to obtain personal jurisdiction and a copy of the petition shall be served upon each cited party at least 20 days before the date when a responsive pleading is due, in the same manner as service of original process under Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 402 through 404, Pa.R.C.P. No. 420, and Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 422 through 424 inclusive. If service cannot be made under the foregoing rules, the court may order service by publication in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. 430. Service of a citation as original process shall not be permitted by electronic means, unless agreed to by the respondent.

   (3)  If the citation is not being issued in order to obtain personal jurisdiction over an interested party, the petition and the citation may be served by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, at least 20 days before the date when a responsive pleading is due.

   (4)  If the citation and petition are not served at least 20 days before the date when a responsive pleading is due, the court, upon request, may authorize the reissuance of the citation.

   (5)  Once the citation to obtain personal jurisdiction has been served upon the cited party by original process in accordance with subparagraph (a)(2), then notice of a rescheduled return date or any other rescheduled date for filing a responsive pleading or appearing before the court may be served by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, at least 20 days before such rescheduled date.

   (6)  If an interested party (whether sui juris or not) is represented by another, the citation and petition shall be served upon the interested party’s representative(s) pursuant to Rule 4.2.

   (7)  Proof of service of the citation shall be filed with the clerk on or before the date when a responsive pleading is due.

   (8)  Each interested party identified in the citation, or such interested party’s representative identified in the citation, may file a responsive pleading in accordance with these Rules on or before the date provided in the citation.

 (b)  Notice Practice.

   (1)  In all cases where personal jurisdiction is not required or has been previously obtained, or conferred by statute, the petitioner shall, either in advance of filing or contemporaneously therewith, provide a copy of the petition to the interested parties identified in the petition. The petition shall have affixed to its first page a notice to plead that shall be substantially in the following form:

 To:

   

  You are hereby notified to file a written response to the (name of pleading) within twenty (20) days from the date of notice or on or before the date when the pleading is to be filed, whichever is later, or the court may deem that you have no objection to the relief requested therein and may grant such relief without further notice to you.

   (2)  A certificate of service, listing the names and addresses of those individuals and entities receiving notice of the filing of the petition, shall be appended to, or filed contemporaneously with, the petition.

   (3)  If an interested party (whether sui juris or not) is not receiving notice of the filing of the petition because he or she is represented by another, a copy of the petition shall be sent in accordance with subparagraph (b)(1) to the interested party’s representative pursuant to Rule 4.2.

 (c)  Consents/Statements of No Objection; Joinders.

 No citation or notice to plead is required where all individuals and/or entities identified in the petition as interested parties (or any representative thereof) satisfy one of the following:

   (1)  they are named petitioners in the petition;

   (2)  they filed joinders to the petition; or

   (3)  they signed a document, that is attached to the petition as an exhibit, consenting to or stating that they have no objection to the relief requested in the petition.

   Note

   Subparagraphs (a) and (b) of Rule 3.5 are derived from former Rule 3.5. The final sentence of subparagraph (a)(2) is identical to former Rule 3.7(h)(1); it merely has been relocated to this section. Subparagraph (c) of this Rule has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

   Explanatory Comment

   Personal jurisdiction is conferred by statute in certain circumstances. See e.g., 20 Pa.C.S. §  7712. A sheriff does not need to serve the citation issued by the clerk; instead, any adult person may serve the citation and file the proof of service in accordance with subparagraph (a)(7) of this Rule 3.5. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  765. If a citation is not being issued with the petition, then the petition must be endorsed with a notice to plead. See Rule 3.5(b) and Pa.R.C.P. No. 1026. The court, by local rule or by order in a particular matter, may establish a procedure for rules to show cause as provided in Pa.R.C.P. No. 206.4 et seq.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 3.5 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573; amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (392685) to (392686).

Part B. Responsive Pleadings

Rule


3.6.    Pleadings Allowed After Petition.
3.7.    Time for Filing and Service of Responsive Pleadings.
3.8.    Headings of Responsive Pleadings.
3.9.    Preliminary Objections.
3.10.    Denials; Effect of Failure to Deny.
3.11.    Answer with New Matter.
Rule 3.6. Pleadings Allowed After Petition.
 Pleadings allowed after the filing of a petition are limited to:

 (a)  an answer that can include new matter;

 (b)  a reply, if an answer contains new matter;

 (c)  preliminary objections to the petition as permitted by Rule 3.9;

 (d)  an answer to preliminary objections; and

 (e)  a petition to join one or more persons as parties to the proceeding and an answer thereto.

   Note

   Rule 3.6 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is based, in part, on Pa.R.C.P. No. 1017.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

   Explanatory Comment

   Any interested party may file a new petition bringing a new issue or dispute before the court or seeking alternative relief in the same trust or estate. Motions are permitted in Orphans’ Court Division, and this Rule 3.6 does not prohibit or limit motions practice.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 3.6 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (390197).

Rule 3.7. Time for Filing and Service of Responsive Pleadings.
 (a)  Unless the court orders otherwise, each interested party identified in the petition, or such interested party’s representative identified in the petition, may file a responsive pleading in accordance with these Rules within 20 days of the date of notice or the date of the filing, whichever is later. A party residing outside of the United States shall have 60 days, rather than 20 days, within which to file a responsive pleading to the citation or the petition initiating the proceeding.

 (b)  A copy of the responsive pleading shall be served on the petitioner or his or her counsel, if represented, and all interested parties identified in the petition or counsel representing an interested party if so identified in the petition or in a subsequent pleading pursuant to Rule 4.3.

 (c)  A notice to plead in substantially the form provided in Rule 3.5(b)(1) shall be affixed to the first page of an answer that contains new matter and to the first page of preliminary objections which aver a fact that is not contained in the petition.

 (d)  Regardless of the residency of any interested party, each subsequent pleading shall be filed within 20 days after service of the preceding pleading, but no pleading need be filed unless the preceding pleading included a notice to plead that complies with the requirements of Rule 3.5(b)(1).

   Note

   Rule 3.7 is new, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1026.

   Explanatory Comment

   The court, by local rule, may establish procedures for the disposition of matters after the pleadings are closed.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 3.7 amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (392687) to (392688).

Rule 3.8. Headings of Responsive Pleadings.
 All responsive pleadings shall contain a heading identifying the name of the pleading to which it is responding.

   Note

   Rule 3.8 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules.

Rule 3.9. Preliminary Objections.
 (a)  General. Preliminary objections may be filed to any petition by any interested party or the interested party’s representative.

 (b)  Grounds for Preliminary Objections. Preliminary objections filed to any petition under the Rules of Chapter III are limited to the following grounds:

   (1)  lack of jurisdiction over the subject matter of the action or lack of jurisdiction over the person, improper venue, or improper form of service;

   (2)  failure of a pleading to conform to law or rule of court or inclusion of scandalous or impertinent matter;

   (3)  insufficient specificity in a pleading;

   (4)  legal insufficiency of a pleading (demurrer);

   (5)  lack of standing or lack of capacity to sue, nonjoinder of a necessary party, or misjoinder of a cause of action; and

   (6)  pendency of a prior action or agreement for alternative dispute resolution.

 (c)  Form. All preliminary objections shall be raised at one time in one pleading, shall state specifically the grounds relied upon, and may be inconsistent.

 (d)  Disposition of Preliminary Objections.

   (1)  A party may file an amended pleading, without consent of any other party and without leave of court, within 20 days after service of the preliminary objections. If a party files an amended pleading, the preliminary objections to the original pleading shall be deemed moot.

   (2)  In all other instances, the court shall determine promptly all preliminary objections. If an issue of fact is raised, the court shall consider evidence by deposition or otherwise.

 (e)  Pleadings Allowed Subsequent to the Disposition of Preliminary Objections.

   (1)  If the preliminary objections are overruled, the party who filed the preliminary objections shall have the right to file an answer within 20 days after entry of the order overruling the preliminary objections or within such other time as the court shall direct.

   (2)  If the filing of an amended petition or a new petition is allowed or required, it shall be filed within 20 days after entry of the order concerning such amended or new petition or within such other time as the court shall direct.

   (3)  New preliminary objections may be filed to any amended or new petition in accordance with this Rule.

   Note

   Rule 3.9 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1028.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

   Explanatory Comment

   Preliminary objections raising an issue under subparagraphs (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), and in some instances (b)(1), may be determined from the facts of record so that further evidence is not required. In such situations, the court may summarily decide preliminary objections prior to the filing of an answer.

   Preliminary objections raising an issue under subparagraphs (b)(5) and (b)(6), and in some instances (b)(1), cannot be determined from the facts of record. In such situations, if the preliminary objections are not endorsed with a notice to plead in the form required by Rule 3.5(b)(1), no reply will be required under Rule 3.10, and the preliminary objections will be overruled.

   Pleadings may be amended only in accordance with subparagraphs (d)(1), (e)(2) or Rule 3.14.

   For preliminary objections to Objections to an Account, petition for adjudication/statement of proposed distribution or a notice, cf. Rule 2.8(b) for a more limited scope of permitted preliminary objections.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 3.9 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390198) to (390199).

Rule 3.10. Denials; Effect of Failure to Deny.
 (a)  A responsive pleading shall admit or deny each averment of fact in the preceding pleading or any part thereof. Admissions and denials in a responsive pleading shall refer specifically to the paragraph in which the averment admitted or denied is set forth. A party denying only a part of an averment shall specify so much of it as is admitted and shall deny the remainder.

 (b)  Averments in a pleading to which a responsive pleading is required are admitted when not denied specifically or by necessary implication. A general denial or a demand for proof, except as provided by subparagraph (c) of this Rule, shall have the effect of an admission.

 (c)  A statement by a party that after reasonable investigation the party is without knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth of an averment shall have the effect of a denial.

 (d)  Averments in a pleading to which no responsive pleading is required shall be deemed to be denied.

 (e)  A responsive pleading shall be signed by counsel, or if not represented by counsel, then by all the respondents in accordance with Rule 3.12. A responsive pleading that admits or denies any averment of fact shall be verified by at least one of the respondents in accordance with Rule 3.13.

   Note

   Rule 3.10 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1029.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

   Explanatory Comment

   Reliance on subparagraph (c) does not excuse a failure to admit or deny a factual allegation when it is clear that the respondent must know whether a particular allegation is true or false. Cf. Cercone v. Cercone, 386 A.2d 1, 4 (Pa. Super. 1978).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 3.10 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390199) to (390200).

Rule 3.11. Answer with New Matter.
 All applicable affirmative defenses shall be pleaded in the answer under the heading ‘‘New Matter.’’ A party may set forth as new matter any other material facts that are not merely denials of the averments of the preceding pleading.

   Note

   Rule 3.11 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1030.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 3.11 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (390200).

Part C. Pleadings in General

Rule


3.12.    Signing.
3.13.    Verification.
3.14.    Amendment.
3.15.    Pleading More Than One Cause of Action; Alternative Pleadings.
Rule 3.12. Signing.
 (a)  Counsel who has entered an appearance for a party pursuant to Rule 1.7(a) shall sign every pleading and any brief or memorandum of law and shall include counsel’s name and address. A party not represented by any counsel of record shall sign every pleading and any brief or memorandum of law and shall include the party’s name, an address where legal paper may be served, and a telephone number.

 (b)  If the legal paper includes a facsimile telephone number and/or email address, that party or his or her counsel agrees to accept service of legal paper by transmission of a facsimile copy or by electronic transmission.

 (c)  By signing a legal paper, the party and counsel are subject to Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1023.1 through 1023.4. The court has authority to impose sanctions and grant relief in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. 1023.4.

   Note

   Rule 3.12 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but subparagraphs (a) and (b) are derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1025. Rule 3.12(c) is based upon Pa.R.C.P. No. 1023.1 et seq.

   Explanatory Comment

   The Explanatory Comments appearing after Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1023.1 and 1023.4 are fully incorporated by reference herein.

Rule 3.13. Verification.
 (a)  Every pleading shall be verified, averring as true every fact not appearing of record in the action or containing a denial of fact based upon the signer’s personal knowledge or information and belief. A pleading may be verified upon personal knowledge as to a part and upon information and belief as to the remainder. The signer need not aver the source of the information or expectation of ability to prove the averment or denial at the trial.

 (b)  If a pleading contains averments that are inconsistent in fact, the verification shall state that the signer has been unable after reasonable investigation to ascertain which of the inconsistent averments, specifying them, are true but that the signer has knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief that one of them is true.

 (c)  The verification shall be made by one or more of the parties filing the pleading unless all the parties (1) lack sufficient knowledge or information, or (2) are outside the jurisdiction of the court and the verification of none of them can be obtained within the time allowed for filing the pleading. In such cases, the verification may be made by any person having sufficient knowledge or information and belief and shall set forth the source of the person’s information as to matters not stated upon his or her own knowledge and the reason why the verification is not made by a party.

   Note

   Rule 3.13 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1024.

Rule 3.14. Amendment.
 A party may amend a pleading pursuant to Rule 3.9(d)(1), or at any other time, either by written consent of all other parties filed with the clerk or by leave of court. The amended pleading may aver transactions or occurrences that have happened before or after the filing of the original pleading. An amendment may be made to conform the pleading to the evidence offered or admitted.

   Note

   Rule 3.14 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1033.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

   Explanatory Comment

   Rule 3.9(d)(1) provides for amending a pleading after the filing of preliminary objections.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 3.14 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390201) to (390202).

Rule 3.15. Pleading More Than One Cause of Action; Alternative Pleadings.
 (a)  More than one cause of action may be stated in a pleading. Each cause of action shall be stated in a separate count, preceded by a heading, and the count shall name the parties to that cause of action and shall contain a separate request for relief.

 (b)  Causes of action and defenses may be pleaded in the alternative.

   Note

   Rule 3.15 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1020.





























~ IV.    FORMAT AND SERVICE OF LEGAL PAPER BY PARTIES AND COURT; ELECTRONIC FILING
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8004/chap8004toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 4. [Reserved]
Rule


4.1—4.3    [Reserved].
Rule 4.1—4.3. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of these Rules 4.1—4.3 reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (236781).

CHAPTER IV. FORMAT AND SERVICE OF LEGAL PAPER BY PARTIES AND COURT; ELECTRONIC FILING

Rule


4.1.    Format of All Legal Paper.
4.2.    Citation or Notice to Individuals and Entities.
4.3.    Service of Legal Paper Other than Citations or Notices.
4.4.    Charities—Notice to the Attorney General.
4.5.    Service of Legal Paper by Court and Clerk.
4.6.    Notice of the Date of Entry of an Adjudication or Court Order on the Docket.
4.7.    Electronic Filing.
Source
   The provisions of this Chapter IV adopted December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 4.1. Format of All Legal Paper.
 All legal paper filed with the clerk must conform to the following requirements:

 (a)  The document shall be on 8 1/2 inch by 11 inch paper.

 (b)  The document shall be prepared on white paper (except for dividers and similar sheets) of good quality.

 (c)  The text must be double spaced, but quotations more than two lines long may be indented and single-spaced. Margins must be at least one inch on all four sides.

 (d)  The lettering shall be clear and legible and no smaller than point 12. The lettering shall be on only one side of a page, except that exhibits and similar supporting documents may be double-sided.

   Note

   Rule 4.1 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 204.1.

   Explanatory Comment

   Rule 4.1 governing the format of legal paper is modeled after Pa.R.C.P. No. 204.1 and thus is substantively identical to Pa.R.A.P. No. 124(a) and Pa.R.Crim.P. 575(C). See Explanatory Comment to Pa.R.C.P. No. 204.1. The goal is to foster uniformity in the formatting of legal paper filed in all judicial tribunals, regardless of the level of court or division of court; this uniformity, in turn, will promote the objective of the unified judicial system under the Constitution of 1968 and facilitate the statewide practice of law.

Rule 4.2. Citation or Notice to Individuals and Entities.
 (a)  To individuals. Whenever a citation under Rule 3.5(a) is to be served or notice under Rule 2.5 or Rule 3.5(b) is to be given to an individual:

   (1)  If the individual is sui juris, or if the individual has reached the age of 18 and is believed to be incapacitated (under the provisions of Chapter 55 of Title 20), but for whom no guardian is known to have been appointed by a Pennsylvania court or by the court of any other jurisdiction (including a guardian ad litem with respect to the matter at issue), then such notice or citation shall be provided:

     (i)   to the individual; or

     (ii)   if the individual will be represented with respect to the matter at issue by a representative under the provisions of 20 Pa.C.S. § §  7721—7726, then such notice or citation may instead be provided to such representative, including notice as required by 20 Pa.C.S. §  7725 that each such representative may decline to act as a representative for the sui juris individual.

   (2)  If the individual is not sui juris, or is unborn, unknown or unascertained, then such notice or citation shall be provided to such individual’s representative with respect to the matter at issue under the provisions of 20 Pa.C.S. § §  751(6) or 7721—7726, including notice required by 20 Pa.C.S. §  7725 that each such representative may decline to act as a representative for the individual; provided, however, that if a guardian or trustee ad litem has been appointed to represent such individual by the court having jurisdiction over the matter at issue, then such notice or citation shall also be provided to the guardian or trustee ad litem.

 (b)  To entities. Whenever a citation under Rule 3.5(a) is to be served or notice under Rule 2.5 or Rule 3.5(b) is to be given to an entity, then such citation or notice shall be provided:

   (1)  to the entity through the entity’s duly authorized representative; or

   (2)  if the entity will be represented with respect to the matter at issue by a representative under the provisions of 20 Pa.C.S. § §  7721—7726, then such notice or citation may instead be provided to such representative, including notice as required by 20 Pa.C.S. §  7725 that each such representative may decline to act as a representative for the entity.

 (c)  Counsel. If counsel has entered an appearance on behalf of an individual, entity or representative who would otherwise receive notice or a citation as provided under subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Rule, then such notice or citation shall instead be given to counsel, except as provided in Rule 2.5(b) wherein the notice must be given to both counsel and the individual, entity or representative.

 (d)  Additional service or notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the court having jurisdiction over the matter determines that the representation is or might be inadequate, then the court may in its discretion direct to whom a citation or notice shall be provided.

   Note

   Rule 4.2 is derived from former Rule 5.2, but has been substantially modified to address virtual representation under 20 Pa.C.S. §  751(6) generally and representation in ‘‘trust matters’’ pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  7721 et seq. Cf. Rule 2.5(b) for different requirements that the notice must be mailed to the individual or entity and to counsel representing such individual or entity.

Rule 4.3. Service of Legal Paper Other than Citations or Notices.
 (a)  Copies of all pleadings, and any brief or memorandum of law in connection therewith, other than notices served pursuant to Rule 2.5 or citations served pursuant to Rule 3.5(a), filed in an action or served upon any party to an action shall be served upon every other party to the action. This service shall be made:

   (1)  by handing, or mailing by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, a copy to, or leaving a copy for, each party at the address of the party’s counsel of record listed on an entry of appearance or prior pleading of the party, or at such other address as a party may agree;

   (2)  by transmitting a facsimile copy to the party’s counsel of record as provided by subparagraph (c); or

   (3)  by electronic transmission as provided in subparagraph (d).

 (b)  If there is no attorney of record,

   (1)  Service shall be made by handing a copy to the party or by mailing a copy to, or leaving a copy for, the party at the address listed on an entry of appearance or prior pleading or at the residence or place of business of the party, or by transmitting a facsimile copy as provided by subparagraph (c) or by electronic transmission as provided in subparagraph (d).

   (2)  If such service cannot be made, service shall be made by leaving a copy at, or mailing a copy to, the last known address of the party to be served.

 (c)(1) A facsimile copy may be served if the parties agree thereto or if a facsimile telephone number is included on an entry of appearance or other legal paper previously filed with the court in the action.

   (2)  A facsimile copy shall begin with a facsimile cover sheet containing:

     (i)   the name, firm, address, telephone number, of both the party making service and the party served;

     (ii)   the facsimile telephone number of the party making service and the facsimile telephone number to which the facsimile copy was transmitted;

     (iii)   the title of the legal paper served; and

     (iv)   the number of pages transmitted.

 (d)  Service may be effected by electronic transmission if the parties agree thereto or if an email address is included on an entry of appearance or other legal paper previously filed with the court in the action.

 (e)  Service by mail is complete upon mailing, and service by facsimile is complete when transmission is confirmed. Electronic service is complete when the legal paper is sent to the recipient’s email address, or when the recipient is notified by email that a legal paper affecting the recipient has been filed and is available for review on the court’s website.

 (f) A certificate of service shall be attached to any legal paper filed or served pursuant to this Rule, setting forth the manner of service and listing the names and addresses of those individuals and entities served with the legal paper.

   Note

   Most of Rule 4.4 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is based on Pa.R.C.P. No. 440 with modifications. Subparagraph (d) of this Rule is identical to former Rule 3.7(h)(2); it merely has been reformatted and relocated to this Chapter IV.

   Explanatory Comment

   The Notes and Explanatory Comment appearing after Pa.R.C.P. No. 440 are fully incorporated by reference herein. Service of legal papers as provided in Rule 4.3 can occur even if the local judicial district has not implemented electronic filing.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4.3 amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (382123) to (382124).

Rule 4.4. Charities—Notice to the Attorney General.
 (a)  In every court proceeding involving or affecting a charitable interest with the exception hereinafter set forth, at least 20 days advance written notice thereof shall be given to the Attorney General of the Commonwealth at the principal office in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, or to a deputy of the Attorney General designated for such purpose for the judicial district in which the proceeding is pending. The notice shall include or be accompanied by such of the following as may be appropriate:

   (1)  the caption of the case;

   (2)  a description of the nature of the proceeding;

   (3)  the date, time and place when the matter is to be heard by the court to the extent then known;

   (4)  the name of the decedent, settlor, incapacitated person or minor, if not disclosed by the caption;

   (5)  a copy of the will or other instrument creating the charitable interest;

   (6)  the name and address of any specific charity which may be affected by the proceeding;

   (7)  if the charitable interest is a present interest, a description and the approximate market value of that interest;

   (8)  if the charitable interest is a future interest and the estimated present value of the charity’s future interest in the property exceeds $25,000, a brief description thereof including the conditions precedent to its vesting in enjoyment and possession, the names and ages of persons known to have interests preceding such charitable interest, and the approximate market value of the property involved;

   (9)  a description of any unresolved claim and any material question of interpretation or distribution likely to be submitted for adjudication which may affect the value of the charitable interest;

   (10)  the names and addresses of all fiduciaries;

   (11)  the name and address of counsel for each fiduciary;

   (12)  the name and address of counsel for any charity who has received notice or has appeared for the charity and the name of the charity which counsel represents; and

   (13)  a copy of an Account if the proceeding involves an Account and if the charity is any one of the following:

     (i)   a residuary beneficiary, including as a beneficiary of a residuary trust;

     (ii)   a pecuniary legatee in an amount greater than $25,000; or

     (iii)   a pecuniary legatee where the bequest has not and will not be paid in full.

 (b)  Proof of service of the above notice or an acknowledgment of such notice received from the Attorney General or a deputy of the Attorney General shall be filed with the clerk in every proceeding involving a charitable interest prior to the entry of any decree.

 (c)  Unless the court directs otherwise, no notice to the Attorney General or a deputy of the Attorney General shall be required with respect to a pecuniary legacy to a charity in the amount of $25,000 or less which has been or will be paid in full.

   Note

   Rule 4.4 is substantively identical to former Rule 5.5.

   Explanatory Comment

   See Appendix (OC-06) for form of notice under this Rule.

Rule 4.5. Service of Legal Paper by Court and Clerk.
 (a)  The clerk and the court may serve all notices, opinions, and orders via electronic means where any one of the following has occurred:

   (1)  the parties have agreed to receipt of legal paper by electronic transmission;

   (2)  the underlying legal paper related to the notice, opinion or order was electronically filed; or

   (3)  an email address appears on an entry of appearance or other legal paper previously filed with the clerk in the action.

 (b)  The clerk and the court may serve all notices, opinions, and orders by facsimile in accordance with Rule 4.3(c).

   Note

   Rule 4.5 is based upon former Rule 3.7(i); it has been reformatted and relocated to this Chapter IV.

   Explanatory Comment

   This Rule 4.5 differs from its counterpart in former Rule 3.7(i) in several respects: first, this Rule permits the clerk and court to serve not only notices, but also opinions and orders, via electronic means as well as by facsimile; and second, it provides that the clerk and court are able to send notices, opinions, and orders via electronic means if the underlying legal paper was filed electronically. Service from the court and clerk as provided in Rule 4.5 can occur even if the local judicial district has not implemented electronic filing.

Rule 4.6. Notice of the Date of Entry of an Adjudication or Court Order on the Docket.
 (a)  The clerk shall immediately give written notice of the entry of an adjudication or court order in a particular matter to each interested party’s counsel of record or, if unrepresented, to each interested party. The notice shall include a copy of the adjudication or court order.

 (b)  The clerk shall note in the docket the date when notice was given to the interested party or to his or her counsel under subparagraph (a) of this Rule.

   Note

   Rule 4.6 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rule, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 236.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 4.6 amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382126).

Rule 4.7. Electronic Filing.
 (a)  Authorization for Electronic Filing. A court may permit or require electronic filing of legal paper. Any court that implements electronic filing shall establish procedures governing such filing by local rule, which shall not be inconsistent with the procedures set forth herein.

 (b)  Electronic Filing of Legal Paper.

   (1)  If implemented by court, a filing party may file a legal paper with the clerk by means of electronic filing.

   (2)  Any party may require the filing party to file the original of a legal paper or exhibit by filing a notice to file with the clerk and serving a copy of the notice upon the filing party. The filing party shall file the specified document with the clerk within 14 days after service of the notice. The court for any reason may direct any party to file the original of a legal paper or exhibit with the clerk within the time specified in the order. Upon disposition of the matter before the court, an original document may be returned to the party who filed it or retained by the court, as the court may determine.

 (c)  Signature, Verification and Retention of Legal Paper.

   (1)  The original legal paper shall be properly signed, and where required, verified.

   (2)  The electronic filing of a legal paper constitutes a certification by the filing party that the original document was signed, and where applicable, verified.

   (3)  Unless retained by the court, the filing party shall maintain the original of all documents so certified, together with any exhibits filed, for 5 years after the final disposition of the case.

 (d)  Website and Filing Date.

   (1)  The court shall designate a website for the electronic filing of legal paper. A user name and password shall be issued to authorized users.

   (2)  The court shall provide electronic filing access at all times. The time and date of the filing shall be that registered by the court’s computer system.

   (3)  The court shall provide, through its website, an acknowledgement from the clerk that the filing has been processed. Such acknowledgement shall include the date and time of filing in a form which can be printed for retention by the filing party.

 (e)  Delay in Filing. A filing party shall be responsible for any delay, disruption, or interruption of electronic transmission, and for the legibility of the document electronically filed, except for delays caused by the failure of the court’s website. The filing party may petition the court to resolve any dispute concerning an alleged failure of the court’s website.

 (f)  Fees.

   (1)  A filing party shall pay the fee for electronically filing a legal paper as provided by the court.

   (2)  The court may assess an additional automation fee for each legal paper electronically filed which shall be used for the development, implementation, maintenance, and training in the use of the court’s electronic filing system and other related uses.

   Note

   Rule 4.7 is substantively identical to former Rule 3.7, but has been relocated to Chapter IV of these Rules.

   Explanatory Comment

   This Rule is designed as a general enabling mechanism by which local judicial districts can, if they so choose, implement electronic filing. Implementation procedures not inconsistent with this Rule will be determined by local rules of court.

   Those jurisdictions which require e-filing must also provide the necessary technical assistance to those parties who lack the capacity to electronically file legal paper.

   Nothing in this Rule is intended to change the procedural requirements of Orphans’ Court practice, as embodied in the statutes and rules of court. Rather, this Rule is intended to facilitate the delivery of legal paper to the court and the parties, as well as to reduce record management burdens in the office of the clerk. The terms ‘‘electronic filing,’’ ‘‘filing party,’’ and ‘‘legal paper’’ are defined in Rule 1.3.

   The court may, from time to time, modify the approved electronic filing system to take into consideration the costs and security of the system and the maintenance of electronic data and images.





























~ V.    RULES GOVERNING SPECIFIC TYPES OF PETITIONS [ [!] rsrvd ]
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8005/chap8005toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 5. [Reserved]
Rule


5.1—5.4    [Reserved].
5.5.    [Reserved].
5.6.    [Reserved].
5.7.    [Reserved].
Rule 5.1—5.4. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of these Rules 5.1—5.4 reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (323245).

Rule 5.5. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 5.5 amended October 16, 2006, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order, 36 Pa.B. 6760; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (323245) to (323247).

Rule 5.6. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 5.6 adopted April 30, 1992, effective July 1, 1992, 22 Pa.B. 2678; amended December 23, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 327; amended October 16, 2006, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order, 36 Pa.B. 6760; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (323247) to (323248).

Rule 5.7. [Reserved].

   Committee Comment—2006

   The form of notice and certification of notice required by Rule 5.6 and formerly set forth in rule 5.7 have been revised and moved to the Appendix.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 5.7 adopted December 23, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 327; reserved October 16, 2006, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order, 36 Pa.B. 6760. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (323249).

CHAPTER V. RULES GOVERNING SPECIFIC TYPES OF PETITIONS

Rule


5.1.    Declaratory Judgment.
5.2.    Family Exemption.
5.3.    Intestate Share to Surviving Spouse from Real Estate.
5.4.    Revocation, Vacation or Extension of Time for Filing of Surviving Spouse’s Election.
5.5.    Appointment of a Guardian ad litem or a Trustee ad litem.
5.6.    Appointment of a Guardian for the Estate or Person of a Minor.
5.7.    Appointment of a Trustee.
5.8.    Discharge of Fiduciary and Surety.
5.9.    Partition.
5.10.    Public Sale of Real Property.
5.11.    Private Sale of Real Property or Options Therefor.
5.12.    Mortgage or Lease of Real Property.
5.13.    Inalienable Property.
5.14.    Designation of a Successor Custodian.
5.15.    Confirmation of Trustee Appointment.
5.50.    Settlement of Small Estates by Petition.
Source
   The provisions of this Chapter V adopted December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 5.1. Declaratory Judgment.
 (a)  Commencement of Action. An action for declaratory judgment shall be commenced by petition pursuant to Rule 3.5 directed to the interested parties.

 (b)  Contents of Petition. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, the petition shall contain sufficient averments to entitle petitioner to the declaratory relief requested under the Pennsylvania Declaratory Judgments Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  7531 et seq., including:

   (1)  a concise statement of the facts relied upon to justify a declaratory judgment proceeding;

   (2)  the question of law, if any, with respect to which declaratory relief is requested;

   (3)  identity of all interested parties; and

   (4)  a prayer for the relief desired.

 (c)  Exhibits. A copy of the will, trust, other governing instrument, or any other document to be construed shall be attached to the petition as an exhibit.

   Note

   Rule 5.1 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is based upon Philadelphia Local Rule 1.2.P.

   Explanatory Comment

   See Rule 3.5(a) for the necessity of using a citation.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 5.1 amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382130).

Rule 5.2. Family Exemption.
 (a)  Contents of Petition. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition for a family exemption shall set forth the following:

   (1)  facts establishing a prima facie right of the petitioner to the exemption;

   (2)  whether allowance of the claim is being requested prior to the confirmation or audit of the Account;

   (3)  a description of the property claimed; and

   (4)  if the exemption is claimed from real estate and a valuation has not been agreed upon by all interested parties, the nomination of two appraisers for appointment by the court to appraise the same.

 (b)  Exhibits. A copy of the qualifications and credentials of the two appraisers nominated in the petition for appointment by the court shall be attached to the petition as exhibits.

 (c)  Award by Consent. The court may, at the request of the petitioner, award in distribution specific real estate included in the Account in satisfaction of, or on account of, the family exemption without compliance with the procedure outlined in subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Rule if all interested parties agree in writing that the petitioner is entitled to the family exemption and to the valuation at which such real estate is to be awarded.

   Note

   Rule 5.2 is based upon former Rule 12.1.

Rule 5.3. Intestate Share to Surviving Spouse from Real Estate.
 (a)  Contents of Petition. When no Account is filed and all or part of the spouse’s intestate share under 20 Pa.C.S. §  2102 is claimed from real estate, the claim shall be presented by petition, which shall conform to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, and shall set forth the following:

   (1)  facts establishing a prima facie right of the spouse to the statutory intestate share;

   (2)  a description of the property claimed; and

   (3)  if the share is claimed from real estate and a valuation has not been agreed upon by all interested parties, the nomination of two appraisers for appointment by the court to appraise the same.

 (b)  Exhibits. A copy of the qualifications and credentials of the two appraisers nominated in the petition for appointment by the court shall be attached to the petition as exhibits.

 (c)  Award by Consent. The court may, at the request of the surviving spouse, award specific real estate in satisfaction of, or on account of, the spouse’s statutory intestate share without compliance with the procedure outlined in subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Rule if all interested parties agree in writing that the surviving spouse is entitled to the statutory share and to the valuation at which such real estate is to be awarded.

   Note

   Rule 5.3 is based upon former Rule 12.2.

   Explanatory Comment

   Deletion of specific reference to the former statutory allowance of $10,000.00 increased to $30,000.00 allows greater flexibility. The Rule would not need to be amended in the future if the statutory amount should be further increased. With the broader language employed there is no longer any need to refer to the specific statutory provisions. As amended, the Rule recognizes the present practice of making the award of real estate in satisfaction of the spouse’s allowance a part of the distribution decree when a court accounting is filed. While this Rule will be employed only in a minimum of instances for the foregoing reason and also because of the availability of §  3546 of Title 20, it, nevertheless, is considered advisable to preserve it in its altered form as a guide when it is to be employed.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 5.3 amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382131).

Rule 5.4. Revocation, Vacation or Extension of Time for Filing of Surviving Spouse’s Election.
 (a)  Contents of Petition. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition to revoke or vacate an election of a surviving spouse to take against the will and other conveyances of the decedent shall set forth the following:

   (1)  the date of the decedent’s death, whether a will has been probated and, if so, a reference to the place and date of probate;

   (2)  the name and capacity of the fiduciary of the decedent’s estate, if any, and a reference to the record of his appointment;

   (3)  the name, address and relationship, if known, of the other interested parties and the nature and the extent of each of their interests;

   (4)  the names of the interested parties who have consented to the revocation or vacation of the election and the names of those who have not consented;

   (5)  a description and valuation of the decedent’s real and personal property affected by the election;

   (6)  the date and manner of executing the election desired to be revoked or vacated and whether the same has been recorded, registered or filed, and if so, the date and place thereof;

   (7)  whether the surviving spouse has made or executed and delivered at any place an election contrary to that desired to be revoked or vacated, and whether that election has been recorded, registered or filed, and if so, the date and place thereof;

   (8)  the facts relied upon to justify the revocation or vacation of the election; and

   (9)  a request for a citation upon the interested parties who have not joined in the petition or who have not consented thereto to show cause why the election should not be revoked or vacated.

 (b)  A petition for the extension of the time in which the surviving spouse may file an election to take against the will and other conveyances shall be filed prior to the expiration of six months as provided in 20 Pa.C.S. §  2210 with the clerk of the county where decedent’s will was probated.

 (c)  Notice of the filing of any petition under this Rule shall be provided to the personal representative of decedent’s estate in accordance with Rule 3.5(b)(1).

   Note

   Rule 5.4 is based upon former Rule 12.3.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 5.4 amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382132).

Rule 5.5. Appointment of a Guardian ad litem or a Trustee ad litem.
 (a)  On petition of the accountant or any interested party, or upon its own motion, the court may appoint one or both of the following if the court considers that the interests of the non-sui juris individuals are not adequately represented:

   (1)  a guardian ad litem to represent a minor or a person believed to be incapacitated under the provisions of Chapter 55 of Title 20, but for whom no guardian of the estate is known to have been appointed by a Pennsylvania court or by the court of any other jurisdiction; and

   (2)  a trustee ad litem to represent an absentee, a presumed decedent, or unborn or unascertained persons not already represented by a fiduciary.

 (b)  The same person may be appointed as guardian ad litem and trustee ad litem and may be appointed for more than one non-sui juris individual when the interests to be represented are not conflicting.

 (c)  Contents of Petition. The request for the appointment of guardian ad litem and trustee ad litem may be made in one petition. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, the petition shall set forth the following:

   (1)  the name, age and address of the minor or person believed to be incapacitated under the provisions of Chapter 55 of Title 20, but for whom no guardian of the estate is known to have been appointed;

   (2)  the relationship, if any, of such non-sui juris individual to any interested party and to the decedent or settlor;

   (3)  the interest of such non-sui juris individual in the property or in the matter at issue;

   (4)  the provisions of any instrument creating such interests;

   (5)  the necessity for such interests to be represented by a guardian ad litem or a trustee ad litem; and

   (6)  the proceeding in which such non-sui juris individual is to be represented.

 (d)  A decree appointing a guardian ad litem or trustee ad litem shall specify the period or proceeding during which the guardian ad litem or trustee ad litem shall act as such.

   Note

   Rule 5.5 is based upon former Rule 12.4, with some modifications to provide for a person believed to be incapacitated under the provisions of Chapter 55 of Title 20, but not yet adjudicated as such or for whom no guardian is known to have been appointed.

Rule 5.6. Appointment of a Guardian for the Estate or Person of a Minor.
 (a)  Contents of Petition. Separate petitions for each minor must be filed requesting the appointment of a guardian of the estate or person of each such minor. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, the petition shall set forth the following:

   (1)  the name, address and relationship of the petitioner to the minor;

   (2)  the name, address and age of the minor;

   (3)  the names and addresses of his or her parents, if living, and whether the minor’s parents consent to the petition if the petition is not being filed by the minor’s parents;

   (4)  the need for the appointment of a guardian;

   (5)  if the petition is filed due to the death of the minor’s parent or legal guardian, or if the minor is to receive property under a will, deed or other written instrument conveying property whether the petitioner knows if the parent, legal guardian or decedent appointed a guardian for the minor in his or her will, deed or any other written instrument, and if so, the name of such proposed guardian;

   (6)  that the minor has no guardian presently appointed or that a guardian already appointed has died or has been discharged or removed by the court, together with the date of such death, discharge or removal and a reference to the court order discharging or removing the previously appointed guardian;

   (7)  the name, address and age of the proposed guardian and his or her relationship to the minor, if any;

   (8)  the nature of any interest of the proposed guardian adverse to that of the minor including, inter alia, a reference to any estate in which the minor is interested and in which the proposed guardian is a fiduciary or surety or employee of a fiduciary or surety therein;

   (9)  if the minor is fourteen years of age or older, the preference of the minor, if any, as to who should be appointed as guardian;

   (10)  if the petition is for the appointment of a guardian of the person, the religious persuasion of the minor’s parents and the religious persuasion of the proposed guardian;

   (11)  if the petition is for the appointment of a guardian of the estate of the minor, an itemization of the assets of such estate, their location, approximate value and income, if any;

   (12)  if the minor is entitled to receive any property as a party to any court action or proceeding, a reference to the court record and the amount of the property to which the minor is entitled; and

   (13)  that notice has been given to the United States Veterans’ Administration or its successor, if the minor is the child of a veteran and insurance or other gratuity is payable to him or her by the United States Veterans’ Administration, or its successor.

 (b)  Exhibits. The following shall be attached to the petition:

   (1)  the proposed guardian’s written consent to the appointment;

   (2)  the written consents of the minor’s parents to the petition if they are not the petitioners and if they consent to the petition; and

   (3)  a copy of decedent’s will, deed, or other written instrument referenced in subparagraph (a)(5) of this Rule that appoints a guardian.

 (c)  If the minor is fourteen years of age or older, the minor shall appear in court at the time of the hearing, if any.

   Note

   Rule 5.6 is derived from former Rule 12.5.

   Explanatory Comment

   In a change from former Rule 12.5, Rule 5.6 requires separate petitions for each minor even if the same person is proposed as the guardian of the estates or persons of several minors. Separate Accounts must be filed for the estate of each minor. See Rule 2.3. Additionally, petitioner must attach a copy of any known written instrument that appoints a guardian to receive property or proceeds on behalf of a minor. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  5115. As used in (a)(5) and (a)(12) of this Rule, ‘‘property’’ includes cash and cash proceeds.

Rule 5.7. Appointment of a Trustee.
 (a)  Contents of Petition. A petition for the appointment of a trustee may be filed by a resigning trustee, the current trustee or any trust beneficiary and shall conform to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III and set forth the following:

   (1)  the situs of the trust and if any court previously has exercised jurisdiction over the trust;

   (2)  the provisions of the instrument creating the trust;

   (3)  the general character, location, and value of the trust property;

   (4)  the reasons why any individual or corporation named in the trust instrument as trustee or successor trustee is unable or unwilling to serve;

   (5)  the names, addresses and relationships of all interested parties and whether those who have not joined in or consented to the petition have been given notice of the filing of the petition, or the reason for failing to give any interested party notice;

   (6)  the name and address of the proposed trustee and his or her relationship, if any, to any interested party; and

   (7)  whether the proposed trustee has any interest in the trust.

 (b)  Exhibits. The following shall be attached to the petition:

   (1)  a copy of the trust instrument;

   (2)  the proposed trustee’s written consent to the appointment;

   (3)  the signed written consents of all interested parties who have not signed or joined in the petition, but who consent to the appointment of the proposed trustee; and

   (4)  if issued, the consent or letter of acquiescence from the Office of the Attorney General if required under 20 Pa.C.S. §  7764(d)(2).

   Note

   Rule 5.7 is based upon former Rule 12.6.

   Explanatory Comment

   See 20 Pa.C.S. §  7764.

Rule 5.8. Discharge of Fiduciary and Surety.
 (a)  Account Previously Filed. A petition for the discharge of a fiduciary and his or her surety, or of the surety alone, subsequent to an Account having been filed and confirmed, shall conform to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III and set forth the following:

   (1)  the nature of the fiduciary capacity;

   (2)  the date and a reference to the record of the fiduciary’s appointment;

   (3)  the date of filing the fiduciary’s Account and the date of the court’s adjudication or order confirming the Account; and

   (4)  that the entire estate has been distributed to the creditors and parties entitled thereto and that no other property belonging to the estate has been received or remains to be accounted for by the fiduciary.

 (b)  Account Annexed. In lieu of filing and advertising an Account, a personal representative who is distributing an estate under the provisions of 20 Pa.C.S. §  3531, or the guardian of the estate of a minor who has attained majority and whose gross estate does not exceed the statutory limitation of an administration without appointment of a guardian, may annex an Account to the petition for discharge with the information required above, modified to indicate any previous distribution, and suggesting the proper distribution of any balance on hand.

   Note

   Rule 5.8 is based upon former Rule 12.7.

   Explanatory Comment

   Pursuant to Rule 2.9(b), an adjudication of an Account discharges the fiduciaries as to the transactions set forth in the adjudicated Account.

Rule 5.9. Partition.
 In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition for partition shall set forth the following:

 (a)  the date of the decedent’s death and whether he or she died testate or intestate, in whole or in part;

 (b)  a description, giving the size and location, of the property to be partitioned, the liens and charges to which it is subject and the rents due from tenants thereof, and that the property has not been partitioned or valued for partition;

 (c)  the name, address and relationship of those interested in the land to be partitioned, the extent of the interest of each of such persons, and, if such interest is created by a recorded deed or will, a reference to such record; and

 (d)  a request for a citation upon the interested parties who have not joined in or consented to the petition to appear and show cause why an inquest in partition should not be granted.

   Note

   Rule 5.9 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.8.

Rule 5.10. Public Sale of Real Property.
 (a)  In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition for the public sale of real property shall set forth the reason for filing the petition, a description, stating the size and location of the property to be sold, and the liens and charges to which it is subject.

 (b)  Public notice of the sale shall be given as required by law and as may be further required by local rule or as the court may order in a particular matter.

   Note

   Rule 5.10 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.9. If a person who has been adjudicated incapacitated possesses an interest in the subject real property, see also Rule 14.10.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 5.10 amended June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392694).

Rule 5.11. Private Sale of Real Property or Options Therefor.
 (a)  Contents of Petition. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition for the private sale or exchange of real property, or for the grant of an option for any such sale or exchange, shall set forth the following:

   (1)  the information required in a petition for the public sale of real property under Rule 5.10(a); and

   (2)  the name and address of the proposed purchaser and the terms of the proposed sale, exchange or option, the consideration therefor, and that this consideration is more than can be obtained at public sale.

 (b)  Exhibits. The petition shall be supported by the affidavits of at least two competent persons setting forth that they have inspected the real property to be sold, exchanged or optioned, that they are not personally interested in the proposed sale, exchange or option, that they are acquainted with the value of real estate in the area, that in their opinion the proposed consideration is more than can be obtained at public sale, and in the case of an exchange, that they are acquainted with the value of real estate in the locality of the property to be received.

   Note

   Rule 5.11 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.10. If a person who has been adjudicated incapacitated possesses an interest in the subject real property, see also Rule 14.10.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 5.11 amended June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392695).

Rule 5.12. Mortgage or Lease of Real Property.
 In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition to mortgage or lease real property shall set forth the following:

 (a)  the information required in a petition for the public sale of real property under Rule 5.10(a), as far as practicable; and

 (b)  the name of the proposed mortgagee or lessee and the terms of the proposed mortgage or lease.

   Note

   Rule 5.12 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.11. If a person who has been adjudicated incapacitated possesses an interest in the subject real property, see also Rule 14.10.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 5.12 amended June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392695).

Rule 5.13. Inalienable Property.
 In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition under Chapter 83 of Title 20 shall set forth the facts required by 20 Pa.C.S. §  8301, as applicable, and the following:

 (a)  the names of all interested parties who have not joined in or consented to the petition, and their addresses, if known; and

 (b)  if the petition is for the public or private sale of real property subject to a life estate with remainder over and the real property is not held in trust, the petition shall request the appointment of a named trustee to make the sale and hold the proceeds in trust.

   Note

   Rule 5.13 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.12.

Rule 5.14. Designation of a Successor Custodian.
 A petition for the designation of a successor custodian under the Pennsylvania Uniform Gifts to Minors Act shall conform to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III and set forth as far as practicable the information required in a petition for the appointment of a guardian of the estate of a minor.

   Note

   Rule 5.14 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.13.

Rule 5.15. Confirmation of Trustee Appointment.
 (a)  Contents of Petition. Where an initial or successor trustee is appointed pursuant to a trust instrument or by the unanimous agreement of all qualified beneficiaries (as defined in 20 Pa.C.S. §  7703) pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  7764, a petition for the court to confirm such appointment shall conform to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III and shall set forth the following:

   (1)  the reason for filing the petition; and

   (2)  the pertinent provisions of the instrument creating the trust and providing for the appointment of the trustee.

 (b)  Exhibits. The following shall be attached to the petition:

   (1)  a copy of the trust instrument duly certified by counsel to be a true and correct copy; and

   (2)  the designated trustee’s written consent to serve.

   Note

   Rule 5.15 is substantively identical to former Rule 12.14.

Rule 5.50. Settlement of Small Estates by Petition.
 (a)  Applicability. This Rule applies to all petitions filed pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  3102, pertaining to settlement of small estates by petition.

 (b)  Contents. In addition to the requirements provided by the Rules in Chapter III, a petition shall set forth the following:

   (1)  Estate.

     (i)   the name and address of each petitioner and the petitioner’s relationship to the decedent;

     (ii)   the decedent’s name, date of death, and domicile at the time of death;

     (iii)   a statement whether the decedent died testate or intestate and, if testate:

       (A)   that the original will has been lodged or probated with the Register; or

       (B)   that the original will cannot be produced, the reason it cannot be produced and that the Register issued a decree accepting the photocopy as an original;

     (iv)   the name and address of each testate or intestate beneficiary, and if any such beneficiary is a minor or otherwise incapacitated, the name and address of such beneficiary’s legal representative, as applicable; and

     (v)   whether a claim for family exemption is included, and if the claimant is not the surviving spouse, the relationship of the claimant to the decedent, and a statement that the claimant resided with the decedent at the date of death and if the claimant is the surviving spouse, that he or she has not forfeited the right to claim the family exemption.

   (2)  Assets. All assets of decedent’s estate, other than real estate and property distributable under 20 Pa.C.S. §  3101, and the value of each asset.

   (3)  Liabilities.

     (i)   The names and addresses of all known creditors, total amounts claimed by each, whether the debts have been satisfied, and an itemized list of all debts, including whether or not admitted, a description of the property claimed and the gross value thereof, and whether there is any objection to the debt, and if so, by whom;

     (ii)   an itemized list of unpaid administrative expenses, unpaid taxes, all other unpaid debts, and, if insolvent, as prioritized under 20 Pa.C.S. §  3392; and

     (iii)   if the decedent was 55 years of age or older at the time of death, whether a request for a statement of claim was sent to the Department of Human Services in accordance with 62 P.S. §  1412, the date the request was made, and the response received from the Department.

   (4)  Distribution.

     (i)   The name of any distributee paid prior to the filing of the petition, including the nature and amount of each payment;

     (ii)   the name of each proposed distributee and respective proposed distribution;

     (iii)   the name of each interested person who has consented to or joined in the petition; and

     (iv)   the names of each testate or intestate beneficiary, as applicable, who has not consented to or joined in the petition.

   (5)  Taxes. A statement that a Pennsylvania inheritance tax return has been filed, that all taxes due on the assets listed on the petition have been paid in full, and that proof of such payment is attached to the petition, or the reason why the filing has not been made or payment has not occurred.

 (c)  Exhibits. The following items shall be attached as exhibits to the petition in the following order:

   (1)  an original death certificate;

   (2)  a photocopy of the decedent’s will along with either:

     (i)   proof the original will was lodged or probated with the Register; or

     (ii)   a decree of the Register accepting a photocopy as the original.

   (3)  documentation supporting the statement required by subdivision (b)(5), if any;

   (4)  original consents, joinders, and statements of no objection signed by interested parties; and

   (5)  a copy of any correspondence received from the Department of Human Services in response to the statement of claim referenced in subdivision (b)(3)(iii).

 (d)  Notice. The petitioner shall serve written notice on interested parties in compliance with Pa.R.O.C.P. 3.5(b).

Comment:
   If the petitioner does not have the original will, he or she must petition the Register for a decree accepting a photocopy of the will as the original. The decree by the Register establishes the validity of the copy of the will and is not intended to initiate probate.

   20 Pa.C.S. §  3101, referenced in subdivision (b)(2), sets forth certain allowable payments to the decedent’s family members, and to a licensed funeral director for the decedent’s burial expenses. Property payable under 20 Pa.C.S. §  3101 shall not be included when determining whether the decedent’s personal property exceeds a gross value of $50,000.

   In subdivision (b)(3), the term ‘‘creditors’’ includes creditors of the decedent on the date of death, providers of funeral services, and providers of goods and services to the petitioner arising from settlement of the estate.

   The Medical Assistance Estate Recovery Program, established by federal law, requires the Commonwealth to recover the Medical Assistance costs from decedents’ estates. See 42 U.S.C. §  1396p; 62 P.S. §  1412.

   Examples of documentation required by subdivision (c)(3) include, but are not limited to, a copy of the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue Notice of Appraisement and Assessment of Tax, the filed inheritance tax return together with proof of payment of the inheritance tax, or a statement from the Department of Revenue or its agent that no tax is due.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Pa.R.O.C.P. 1.99.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 5.50 adopted August 18, 2020, effective October 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 4387; amended May 2, 2024, effective July 1, 2024, 54 Pa.B. 2735. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (402510) to (402512).
























~ VI.    [Reserved]
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8006/chap8006toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 6. [Reserved]
Rule


6.1.     [Reserved].
6.2—6.4     [Reserved].
6.5.     [Repealed].
6.6.     [Reserved].
6.7.     [Reserved].
6.8.     [Reserved].
6.9.     [Reserved].
6.10.     [Reserved].
6.11.     [Reserved].
6.12.     [Reserved].
Rule 6.1. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 6.1 amended and effective January 1, 1984, 14 Pa.B. 161; amended March 29, 2007, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (326689) to (326690).


























~ VII.    RULES RELATING TO PRE-HEARING AND HEARING PROCEDURE  [ [!] rsrvd ]
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8007/chap8007toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 7. [Reserved]
Rule


7.1.    [Reserved].
7.2.    [Reserved].
Rule 7.1. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 7.1 amended December 20, 2000, effective January 1, 2001, 31 Pa.B. 7; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (272413) to (272414).

Rule 7.2. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 7.2 adopted December 20, 2000, effective January 1, 2001, 31 Pa.B. 7; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (272415).

CHAPTER VII. RULES RELATING TO PRE-HEARING AND HEARING PROCEDURE

Rule


7.1.    Depositions, Discovery, Production of Documents, Perpetuation of Testimony, and Subpoenas to Attend and Testify.
7.2.    Motion for Judgment on the Pleadings.
7.3.    Motion for Summary Judgment.
7.4.    Injunctions.
Source
   The provisions of this Chapter VII adopted December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 7.1. Depositions, Discovery, Production of Documents, Perpetuation of Testimony, and Subpoenas to Attend and Testify.
 The court, by local rule or order in a particular matter, may prescribe the practice relating to depositions, discovery, production of documents, perpetuation of testimony, and subpoenas to attend and testify. To the extent not provided for by local rule or an order governing a particular matter, the practice relating to depositions, discovery, production of documents, perpetuation of testimony, and subpoenas to attend and testify shall conform to the practice in the Trial or Civil Division of the local Court of Common Pleas.

   Note

   Rule 7.1 is derived from former Rule 3.6.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 7.1 amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392697).

Rule 7.2. Motion for Judgment on the Pleadings.
 After the relevant pleadings are closed, but within such time as not to unreasonably delay the hearing, any party may move for judgment on the pleadings. The court shall enter such judgment or order as shall be proper on the pleadings.

   Note

   Rule 7.2 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1034.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

   Explanatory Comment

   The Official Note to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1034 is fully incorporated by reference herein, except that the court may, but is not required to, promulgate local rules governing the procedure for these motions.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 7.2 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (390204).

Rule 7.3. Motion for Summary Judgment.
 (a)  After the relevant pleadings are closed, but within such time as not to unreasonably delay a hearing, any party may move for summary judgment in whole, or in part, as a matter of law in the manner set forth in Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1035.1, 1035.2, and 1035.4.

 (b)  The party against whom the motion for summary judgment is filed shall respond in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1035.3(a)—(b) and 1035.4.

 (c)  The court shall rule upon the motion for summary judgment as provided in Pa.R.C.P. Nos. 1035.3(c)—(e) and 1035.5.

   Note

   Rule 7.3 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1035.1 et seq.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

   Explanatory Comment

   The Notes, Official Note and Explanatory Comments to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1035.1 et seq. are incorporated by reference herein, except that the court may, but is not required to, promulgate local rules governing the procedure for these motions.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 7.3 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (390204).

Rule 7.4. Injunctions.
 Upon petition, the court may issue a preliminary, special, or permanent injunction in accordance with the rules and procedures provided in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1531.

   Note

   Rule 7.4 has no counterpart in former Orphans’ Court Rules, but is derived from Pa.R.C.P. No. 1531.

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

   Explanatory Comment

   With the repeal of 20 Pa.C.S. §  772, the propriety of and procedure for obtaining an injunction in an Orphans’ Court matter was uncertain. This Rule clarifies that an injunction may be requested and issued in this court. The procedure for requesting the issuance of an injunction shall conform to the practice set forth in Pa.R.C.P. No. 1531. The Notes and Explanatory Comments to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1531 are fully incorporated by reference herein.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 7.4 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390204) to (390205).






















~ VIII.    RECONSIDERATION  [ [!] rsrvd ]
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8008/chap8008toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 8. [Reserved]
Rule 8.1—8.8. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of these Rules 8.1—8.8 reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (236797) to (236798).

CHAPTER VIII. RECONSIDERATION

Rule


8.1.    Exceptions and Post-Trial Motions.
8.2.    Motions for Reconsideration.
Source
   The provisions of this Chapter VIII adopted December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 8.1. Exceptions and Post-Trial Motions.
 Except as provided in Rule 8.2, no exceptions or post-trial motions may be filed to any order or decree of the court.

   Explanatory Comment

   The former exception practice is discontinued, and this Rule clarifies that post-trial motion practice applicable in the Civil Division of the Court of Common Pleas is not applicable in the Orphans’ Court Division.

Rule 8.2. Motions for Reconsideration.
 (a)  By motion, a party may request the court to reconsider any order that is final under Pa.R.A.P. 341(b) or 342, or interlocutory orders subject to immediate appeal under Pa.R.A.P. 311, so long as the order granting reconsideration is consistent with Pa.R.A.P. 1701(b)(3).

 (b)  Upon a motion to do so, a court may reconsider an interlocutory order at any time.

 (c)  Motions for reconsideration are not permitted to any order in involuntary termination or adoption matters under the Adoption Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  2101 et seq.

   Note

   The filings required by this rule are subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania. See Rule 1.99.

   Explanatory Comment

   The period for filing an appeal is not tolled by the filing of a motion for reconsideration unless the court grants the motion for reconsideration prior to the expiration of the appeal period. See Pa.R.A.P. 1701(b)(3). Interlocutory orders may be reconsidered anytime during the pendency of the proceeding. See Key Automotive Equip. Specialists, Inc. v. Abernethy, 636 A.2d 1126, 1128 (Pa. Super. 1994); 42 Pa.C.S. §  5505.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 8.2 amended January 5, 2018, effective January 6, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 483; amended June 1, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (390207) to (390208).























~ IX.    AUDITORS AND HEARING OFFICERS [ [!] rsrvd ]
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8009/chap8009toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 9. [Reserved]
Rule


9.1.    [Reserved].
Rule 9.1. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 9.1 reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (236799).

CHAPTER IX. AUDITORS AND HEARING OFFICERS

Rule


9.1.    Notice of Hearings.
9.2.    Filing of Report.
9.3.    Form of Auditor’s Report.
9.4.    Form of Hearing Officer’s Report.
9.5.    Transcript of Testimony.
9.6.    Notice of Filing Report.
9.7.    Confirmation of Report.
9.8.    Security for Expenses and Fees.
Source
   The provisions of this Chapter IX adopted December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 9.1. Notice of Hearings.
 An auditor or hearing officer appointed pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  751 shall give notice of scheduled hearings in such manner and to such parties as local rules shall prescribe.

   Comment

   Rule 9.1 is substantively identical to former Rule 8.1.

Source
   The provisions of Rule 9.1 amended January 6, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 441. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382145).

Rule 9.2. Filing of Report.
 An auditor or hearing officer shall file his or her report within 90 days after his or her appointment, unless the court extends the time upon request.

   Comment

   Rule 9.2 is based upon former Rule 8.2.

Source
   The provisions of Rule 9.2 amended January 6, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 441. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382145).

Rule 9.3. Form of Auditor’s Report.
 An auditor’s report shall include a statement of the questions involved, findings of fact, conclusions of law, and, if the Account is approved by the auditor, it shall also expressly confirm the Account and shall specify, or indicate by reference to the petition of adjudication/statement of proposed distribution, the names of the persons to whom the balance available for distribution is awarded and the amount or share awarded to each of such persons.

   Note

   Rule 9.3 is identical to former Rule 8.3.

Rule 9.4. Form of Hearing Officer’s Report.
 A hearing officer’s report shall state the number, times, dates, and duration of the hearings held, the number, extent, and causes of any delays or continuances, and the basis of the court’s jurisdiction, and shall include a statement and discussion of the questions involved, findings of fact and conclusions of law, and specific recommendations.

   Comment

   Rule 9.4 is substantively identical to former Rule 8.4.

Source
   The provisions of Rule 9.4 amended January 6, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 441. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382146).

Rule 9.5. Transcript of Testimony.
 The transcript of testimony taken before an auditor or hearing officer shall be filed with the report.

   Comment

   Rule 9.5 is substantively identical to former Rule 8.5.

Source
   The provisions of Rule 9.5 amended January 6, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 441. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382146).

Rule 9.6. Notice of Filing Report.
 An auditor or hearing officer shall give notice of the filing of the report or of the intention to file the report in such manner and to such parties as local rules shall prescribe.

   Comment

   Rule 9.6 is substantively identical to former Rule 8.6.

Source
   The provisions of Rule 9.6 amended January 6, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 441. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382146).

Rule 9.7. Confirmation of Report.
 (a)  The report of an auditor shall be confirmed in such manner as local rules shall prescribe.

 (b)  The report of a hearing officer shall not be approved until a decree is entered adopting its recommendations.

   Comment

   Rule 9.7 is substantively identical to former Rule 8.7.

Source
   The provisions of Rule 9.7 amended January 6, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 441. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382146).

Rule 9.8. Security for Expenses and Fees.
 An auditor or hearing officer, the accountant, or any interested party may apply to the court at any time for leave to require security for the payment of the auditor’s or hearing officer’s expenses and fees, and, when such leave is granted, the auditor or hearing officer may decline to proceed until security is entered.

   Comment

   Rule 9.8 is substantively identical to former Rule 8.8.

Source
   The provisions of Rule 9.8 amended January 6, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 441. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382146).





















~ X.    REGISTER OF WILLS  [ [!] rsrvd ]
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8010/chap8010toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 10. [Reserved]
Rule


10.1.    [Reserved].
10.2.    [Reserved].
Source
   The provisions of this Rule 10 amended April 26, 1979, effective August 1, 1979, 9 Pa.B. 1514, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 10.1. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 10.1 adopted April 26, 1979, effective August 1, 1979, 9 Pa.B. 1514; amended October 16, 2006, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order, 36 Pa.B. 6760; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (323257).

Rule 10.2. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 10.2 adopted April 26, 1979, effective August 1, 1979, 9 Pa.B. 1514; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (323257).

CHAPTER X. REGISTER OF WILLS

Rule


10.1.    Forms.
10.2.    Petition Practice.
10.3.    Hearings.
10.4.    Appeals from the Register of Wills.
10.5.    Notice to Beneficiaries and Intestate Heirs.
10.6.    Status Report by Personal Representative.
10.7.    Disclosure of Certain Digital Assets or a Catalog of Electronic Communications of a Decedent.
Source
   The provisions of this Chapter X adopted December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted.

Rule 10.1. Forms.
 The forms approved by the Supreme Court for statewide practice before the Register as set forth in the Appendix shall be used exclusively and accepted for filing by all Registers; provided, however, versions of a Supreme Court-approved form shall be acceptable for filing if identical in content and sequential ordering.

   Note

   Rule 10.1 is new, but is derived from former Rule 10.1.

   Explanatory Comment

   In 2019, Rule 10.1 was revised to permit versions of Supreme Court forms to be accepted for filing provided the replication was identical in content. This revision was intended to permit forms to differ stylistically as to format if content requirements do not differ. This revision was not intended to permit the re-ordering of content required by a form. See Rule 1.8.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 10.1 amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (382147) to (382148).

Rule 10.2. Petition Practice.
 When a matter requires the Register to exercise discretion or decide an issue of fact or law, the pleading and practice shall conform as near as practical to the practice and procedure before the court as provided by Chapter III of these Rules and 20 Pa.C.S. §  906 (relating to caveats). The Register may issue a citation if appropriate and may require a party to prepare the form of citation. Service of citations issued by the Register shall be the responsibility of the party requesting the issuance of the citation.

   Note

   Rule 10.2 is new.

Rule 10.3. Hearings.
 (a)  Evidentiary hearings before the Register shall be recorded by stenographic or electronic means when directed by the Register or requested by an interested party, the cost of which shall be allocated as directed by the Register.

 (b)  The Register may issue subpoenas to compel attendance at evidentiary hearings as provided in 20 Pa.C.S. §  903(1).

 (c)  The Pennsylvania Rules of Evidence shall apply in all evidentiary hearings before the Register.

 (d)  The Register may require parties to submit memoranda and/or proposed findings of fact and conclusions of law.

 (e)  The Register shall promptly decide the matter at issue by written order or decree. The order or decree may, but need not, contain a brief opinion or recitation of relevant facts and legal conclusions as found by the Register.

   Note

   Rule 10.3 is new.

   Explanatory Comment

   In any matter, the Register or the Register’s designee may hold an informal conference to narrow or define the issues, consider the necessity or desirability of amendments to the pleadings, obtain admissions of fact and stipulations as to documents, or to otherwise aid in the disposition of the matter.

Rule 10.4. Appeals from the Register of Wills.
 Appeals to the court from an order or decree of the Register shall be by petition and governed by Chapter III of these Rules and any applicable local rules.

   Note

   Rule 10.4 is new, but is derived from former Rule 10.2.

Rule 10.5. Notice to Beneficiaries and Intestate Heirs.
 (a)  Within three months after a grant of letters or whenever there is a change in personal representative, a personal representative or the personal representative’s counsel shall send a written notice of estate administration in the form approved by the Supreme Court to:

   (1)  every person, corporation, association, entity or other party named in decedent’s will as a beneficiary, whether individually or as a class member;

   (2)  the decedent’s spouse and children, whether or not they are named in, or have an interest under, the will;

   (3)  where there is an intestacy in whole or in part, to every person entitled to inherit as an intestate heir under Chapter 21 of Title 20;

   (4)  the appointed guardian of the estate, parent or legal custodian of any beneficiary who is a minor;

   (5)  the appointed guardian of the estate or, in the absence of such appointment, the institution or person with custody of any beneficiary who is an adjudicated incapacitated person;

   (6)  the Attorney General on behalf of any charitable beneficiary (i) which is a residuary beneficiary, including as a beneficiary of a residuary testamentary trust; (ii) whose legacy exceeds $25,000; or (iii) whose interest in a legacy will not be paid in full;

   (7)  the Attorney General on behalf of any governmental beneficiary;

   (8)  the fiduciary of any estate or trust which is a beneficiary or, if the personal representative is a fiduciary of such estate or trust, then the beneficiaries of such estate or trust; and

   (9)  such other persons and in such manner as may be required by local rule.

 (b)  A ‘‘beneficiary’’ shall be deemed to include any person who may have an interest by virtue of the Pennsylvania anti-lapse statute, 20 Pa.C.S. §  2514.

 (c)  Notice shall be given by personal service or by first-class, prepaid mail to each person and entity entitled to notice under subparagraph (a)(1)—(9) whose address is known or reasonably available to the personal representative.

 (d)  Within ten (10) days after giving the notice required by paragraph (a) of this Rule, the personal representative or the personal representative’s counsel shall file with the Register a certification that notice has been given as required by this Rule.

 (e)  Upon the failure of the personal representative or the personal representative’s counsel to file the certification on a timely basis, the Register shall, after ten days subsequent to providing written notice to each personal representative and their counsel, notify the court of such delinquency.

 (f)  This Rule shall not alter or diminish existing rights or confer new rights.

 (g)  The Register shall deliver a copy of Rule 10.5 and the forms of notice and certification approved by the Supreme Court to each personal representative not represented by counsel at the time letters are granted.

   Note

   Rule 10.5 is derived from former Rule 5.6. Subdivision (a) applies to an initial grant of letters and to all changes in personal representative, including a grant of letters to a successor personal representative or due to the death or resignation of a personal representative when there are other personal representatives who continue to serve. Subdivision (d) of this Rule does not prohibit the Register from charging a fee for filing this certification. The form of notice and certification of notice required by Rule 10.5 is set forth in the Appendix. Subdivision (e) of this Rule is not intended to limit the inherent power of the court to impose sanctions upon a delinquent personal representative or counsel.

   Explanatory Comment

   It is not the intention of this Rule to require notice beyond the degree of consanguinity entitling a person to inherit under Chapter 21 of Title 20.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 10.5 amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804; amended January 12, 2022, effective April 1, 2022, 52 Pa.B. 684. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (399717) to (399718).

Rule 10.6. Status Report by Personal Representative.
 (a)  Report of Uncompleted Administration. If administration of an estate has not been completed within two years of the decedent’s death, the personal representative or counsel shall file at such time, and annually thereafter until the administration is completed, a report with the Register showing the date by which the personal representative or his, her, or its counsel reasonably believes administration will be completed.

 (b)  Report of Completed Administration. Upon completion of the administration of an estate, the personal representative or his, her or its counsel shall file with the Register a report showing:

   (1)  completion of administration of the estate;

   (2)  whether a formal Account was filed with the Orphans’ Court;

   (3)  whether a complete Account was informally stated to all parties in interest;

   (4)  whether final distribution has been completed; and

   (5)  whether approvals of the Account, receipts, joinders and releases have been filed with the clerk.

 (c)  Form of Status Report. The report required by this Rule shall be in the form approved by the Supreme Court.

 (d)  Copy of Rule. Upon the grant of letters, the Register shall give a copy of Rule 10.6 to each personal representative not represented by counsel.

 (e)  Failure to File a Status Report. After at least ten (10) days subsequent to providing written notice to a delinquent personal representative and counsel, the Register shall inform the court of the failure to file the report required by this Rule with a request that the court conduct a hearing to determine what sanctions, if any, should be imposed.

   Note

   Rule 10.6 is based upon former Rule 6.12, except that this Rule no longer includes former subparagraph (d) that prohibited the Register from charging a fee for filing the status report. The form of status report required by Rule 10.6 is set forth in the Appendix.

Rule 10.7. Disclosure of Certain Digital Assets or a Catalog of Electronic Communications of a Decedent.
 (a)  At Time of Filing Petition for Grant of Letters. If a personal representative intends to access the digital assets or a catalog of electronic communications of a decedent, other than the content of the decedent’s electronic communications, the personal representative may file with the petition an affidavit containing the recitals set forth in 20 Pa.C.S. §  3908(b). The affidavit shall be taken before and administered by the Register pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  3908(c).

 (b)  After Filing Petition for Grant of Letters. If a personal representative intends to access the digital assets or a catalog of electronic communications of a decedent, other than the content of the decedent’s electronic communications, the personal representative may file an affidavit with the Register containing the recitals set forth in 20 Pa.C.S. §  3908(b). The affidavit shall be taken before and administered by the Register pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  3908(c).

 (c)  Upon Request of a Custodian. If a custodian requests a finding of the court with respect to a catalog of electronic communications of a decedent pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  3908(a)(4)(iv) from a personal representative who has not already filed an affidavit as provided under subdivisions (a) or (b):

   (1)  the personal representative may file an affidavit with the Register pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  3908(b)(1); and

   (2)  provide the custodian a copy of the affidavit bearing evidence of filing with the Register.

   Comment

   This rule is intended to implement §  3908 of the Revised Uniform Fiduciary Access to Digital Assets Act relating to the disclosure of certain digital assets or a catalog of electronic communications of a decedent, other than the content of such electronic communications, to a personal representative. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  3908. Relevant terms, such as ‘‘catalog of electronic communications,’’ ‘‘content of electronic communication,’’ ‘‘custodian,’’ and ‘‘digital asset’’ are defined by statute. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  3902. This rule does not apply to access to the contents of a decedent’s electronic communications; such access is governed by 20 Pa.C.S. §  3907.

   A filing made pursuant to subdivision (a) or (b) is independent of any filing made pursuant to subdivision (c).

   An affidavit filed by the personal representative with the Register pursuant to subdivision (c) is not required to be taken before and administered by the Register. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  3908(b)(1) (requiring, in pertinent part, that the affidavit be filed subject to penalties under 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 (relating to unsworn falsification to authorities)). Moreover, such an affidavit does not need to be notarized.

   While Registers are not subject to the Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System, they are encouraged to ensure the confidentiality of identifying information contained in affidavits filed pursuant to this rule. See Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System, §  1.0, Comment.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 10.7 added September 30, 2024, effective January 1, 2025, 54 Pa.B. 6418.



















~ XI.    [Reserved]
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8011/chap8011toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 11. [Reserved]
Rule


11.1.    [Reserved].
11.2.    [Reserved].
Rule 11.1. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 11.1 reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (276615).

Rule 11.2. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 11.2 reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (276615).

CHAPTER XI. (Reserved)


Source
   The provisions of this Chapter XI reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted.





















~ XII.    [Reserved]
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8012/chap8012toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 12. [Reserved]
Rule


12.1—12.14      [Reserved].
12.15.      [Reserved].
Rule 12.1—12.14. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of these Rules 12.1—12.14 reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (276617) to (276623).

Rule 12.15. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 12.15 adopted February 21, 1995, effective May 30, 1995, 25 Pa.B. 828; amended February 21, 1995, effective May 30, 1995, 25 Pa.B. 1410; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (276623) to (276624).

CHAPTER XII. [Reserved]


Source
   The provisions of this Chapter XII reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted.






















~ XIII.    [Reserved]
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8013/chap8013toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
RULE 13. [Reserved]
Rule


13.1—13.3     [Reserved].
Rule 13.1—13.3. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of these Rules 13.1—13.3 reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (276625).

CHAPTER XIII. (Reserved)


Source
   The provisions of this Chapter XIII reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted.




















~ XIV.    GUARDIANSHIPS OF INCAPACITATED PERSONS
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8014/chap8014toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
CHAPTER XIV. GUARDIANSHIPS OF INCAPACITATED PERSONS
Rule


14.1.     [Rescinded].
14.2—14.5     [Rescinded].
14.1.     Guardianship Petition Practice and Pleading.
14.2.     Petition for Adjudication of Incapacity and Appointment of a Guardian of the  Person or Estate of an Incapacitated Person.
14.3.     Alternative Proof of Incapacity: Expert Report in Lieu of In-Person or Depo-  sition Testimony of Expert.
14.4.     Counsel.
14.5.     Waiver or Modification of Bond.
14.6.     Determination of Incapacity and the Need for Guardianship; Selection of Guardian; Certification of Certain Guardians.
14.7.     Order and Certificate.
14.8.     Guardianship Reporting, Monitoring, Review, and Compliance.
14.9.     Review Hearing.
14.10.     Proceedings Relating to Real Property.
14.11.     Transfer of Guardianship of the Person to Another State.
14.12.     Transfer of Guardianship of the Estate to Another State.
14.13.     Acceptance of a Guardianship Transferred from Another State.
14.14.     Forms.
Source
   This Rule 14 renamed Chapter XIV December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098.

Rule 14.1. [Rescinded].

   Note

   See Rule 1.5.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.1 amended December 23, 1999, effective January 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 7098; reserved June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392703).

Rule 14.2. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.2 amended December 23, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 329; amended October 16, 2006, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order, 36 Pa.B. 6760; amended December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098; reserved June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392703).

Rule 14.3. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.3 amended December 23, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 329; amended December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098; reserved June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (392703) to (392704).

Rule 14.4. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.4 amended December 23, 1998, effective January 1, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 329; amended December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098; reserved June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392704).

Rule 14.5. [Rescinded].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.5 adopted June 12, 1995, effective August 5, 1995, 25 Pa.B. 2594; amended June 29, 2001, effective July 1, 2001, 31 Pa.B. 3872; amended October 16, 2006, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order, 36 Pa.B. 6760; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098; reserved June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (392704).

Rule 14.1. Guardianship Petition Practice and Pleading.
 (a)  Proceedings for Adjudication of Incapacity and Appointment of a Guardian. The following petition practice and pleading requirements set forth in Chapter III (Petition Practice and Pleading) shall be applicable to proceedings for the adjudication of incapacity and appointment of a guardian:

   (1)  Rule 3.2 (Headings; Captions);

   (2)  Rule 3.3 (Contents of All Petitions; General and Specific Averments);

   (3)  Rule 3.12 (Signing);

   (4)  Rule 3.13 (Verification); and

   (5)  Rule 3.14 (Amendment).

 (b)  Responsive Pleadings to a Petition for Adjudication of Incapacity and Appointment of a Guardian Filed Pursuant to Rule 14.2.

   (1)  Permitted responsive pleadings to a petition seeking the adjudication of incapacity and appointment of a guardian are limited to those identified in Rule 3.6 (Pleadings Allowed After Petition) and shall be subject to Rules 3.10 (Denials; Effect of Failure to Deny) and 3.11 (Answer with New Matter).

   (2)  The alleged incapacitated person and any person or institution served pursuant to Rule 14.2(f)(2) may file a responsive pleading.

   (3)  Any responsive pleading shall be filed with the clerk and served pursuant to Rule 4.3 (Service of Legal Paper Other than Citations or Notices) on all others entitled to file a responsive pleading pursuant to subparagraph (b)(2).

   (4)  All responsive pleadings shall be filed and served no later than five days prior to the hearing. The failure to file or timely file and serve a responsive pleading does not waive the right to raise an objection at the hearing.

   (5)  The court shall determine any objections at the adjudicatory hearing.

 (c)  All Other Petitions for Relief. Unless otherwise provided by Rule in this Chapter, the petition practice and pleading requirements set forth in Chapter III shall be applicable to any proceeding under these Rules other than a petition seeking the adjudication of incapacity and appointment of a guardian. ‘‘Interested party’’ as used in Chapter III shall include all those entitled to service pursuant to Rule 14.2(f).

 (d)  Intervention. A petition to intervene shall set forth the ground on which intervention is sought and a statement of the issue of law or question of fact the petitioner seeks to raise. The petitioner shall attach to the petition a copy of any pleading that the petitioner will file if permitted to intervene. A copy of the petition shall be served pursuant on all those entitled to service pursuant to Rule 14.2(f).

Explanatory Comment
   This Rule is intended to specify the provisions and procedures of Chapter III that are applicable to proceedings under Chapter XIV. In proceedings for the adjudication of incapacity and appointment of a guardian, responsive pleadings are permitted as a means of identifying contested legal issues and questions of fact prior to the adjudicatory hearing. However, given the abbreviated time for filing a responsive pleading relative to other proceedings (Compare Pa. O.C. Rule 3.7(a)), the failure to file a responsive pleading should not operate to prelude an issue or objection from being raised and considered at the hearing. Such pleadings should not be filed as a means of delaying the hearing on the merits of the petition.

   The practice for other petitions is to follow the requirements of Chapter III. Nothing in this Rule is intended to prevent relief being sought on an expedited basis, provided the petitioner or respondent is able to establish circumstances to the satisfaction of the court warranting disregard of procedural requirements. See Pa. O.C. Rule 1.2(a).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.1 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524.

Rule 14.2. Petition for Adjudication of Incapacity and Appointment of a Guardian of the Person or Estate of an Incapacitated Person.
 (a)  Petition Contents. A petition to adjudicate an individual as an incapacitated person and appoint a guardian shall state in plain language:

   (1)  Name, age, address, and mailing address, if different, of the petitioner and the petitioner’s relationship to the alleged incapacitated person;

   (2)  Name, date of birth, residence, and mailing address, if different, of the alleged incapacitated person;

   (3)  Names and addresses of the spouse, parents, and presumptive intestate heirs of the alleged incapacitated person and whether they are sui juris or non sui juris;

   (4)  Name and address of the person or institution providing residential services to the alleged incapacitated person;

   (5)  Names and addresses of other service providers and nature of services being provided;

   (6)  Whether there is an executed health care power of attorney or advance health care directive pursuant to Title 20, Chapter 54, and if so, the name and address of the person designated in the writing to act as the agent;

   (7)  Whether there is an executed power of attorney pursuant to Title 20, Chapter 56, and if so, the name and address of the person designated in the writing to act as the agent;

   (8)  Whether there is any other writing by the alleged incapacitated person pursuant to Title 20, Chapters 54 or 58 authorizing another to act on behalf of the alleged incapacitated person, and if so, the name and address of the person designated;

   (9)  Whether the alleged incapacitated person is represented by counsel and, if so, the name and address of counsel;

   (10)  Reason(s) why guardianship is sought, including a description of functional limitations and the physical and mental condition of the alleged incapacitated person;

   (11)  If not plenary, then specific areas of incapacity over which it is requested that the guardian be assigned powers;

   (12)  The probability of whether the physical condition and mental condition of the alleged incapacitated person will improve;

   (13)  Whether there has been a prior incapacity hearing concerning the alleged incapacitated person, and if so, the name of the court, the date of the hearing, and the determination of capacity;

   (14)  What less restrictive alternatives to a guardianship were considered or tried, and why the alternatives are unavailable or insufficient;

   (15)  If a guardian of the estate is sought:

     (i)   the gross value of the estate and net income from all sources, to the extent known; and

     (ii)   whether there is a prepaid burial account, to the extent known;

   (16)  Whether the alleged incapacitated person is a veteran of the United States Armed Services or the spouse or dependent of a veteran of the United States Armed Services, and whether the alleged incapacitated person is receiving benefits from the United States Department of Veterans Affairs on behalf of himself or herself or through another person, including a spouse; and

   (17)  Name and address, if available, of any person that the petitioner proposes should receive notice of the filing of guardianship reports pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.8(b), which may include any person identified in subdivisions (a)(3)—(a)(9).

 (b)  Nomination of Guardian. The petition shall also include:

   (1)  The name, address, and mailing address, if different, of the proposed guardian whom the petitioner nominates to be appointed guardian and the nominee’s relationship, if any, to the alleged incapacitated person. If the proposed guardian is an entity, then the name of the person or persons to have direct responsibility for the alleged incapacitated person and the name of the principal of the entity;

   (2)  Whether the proposed guardian has any adverse interest to the alleged incapacitated person;

   (3)  Whether the proposed guardian is available and able to visit or confer with the alleged incapacitated person;

   (4)  Whether the proposed guardian has completed any guardianship training, including the name of the training program, length of the training, and date of completion;

   (5)  Whether the proposed guardian has any guardianship certification, the current status of the certification, and any disciplinary action related to the certification;

   (6)  Whether the proposed guardian is, was, or seeks to be a guardian in any other matters and, if so, the number of active matters and the judicial districts where the active matters were filed;

   (7)  If the proposed guardian is an individual seeking to serve in a third active guardianship and is not currently certified by a national certification organization as defined in 20 Pa.C.S. §  5511(f)(2)(ii)(B)(III), then how the proposed guardian intends to satisfy the certification requirement prescribed in Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.6(c); and

   (8)  If the petition nominates a different proposed guardian of the estate from the proposed guardian of the person, then the information required in subdivisions (b)(1)—(b)(7) as to each nominee.

 (c)  Exhibits. The following exhibits shall be appended to the petition:

   (1)  All writings referenced in subdivisions (a)(6)—(a)(8), if available;

   (2)  The certified response to a Pennsylvania State Police criminal record check, with Social Security Number redacted, for each proposed guardian issued within six months of the filing of the petition;

     (i)   If any proposed guardian has resided outside the Commonwealth within the previous five-year period and was 18 years of age or older at any time during that period, then the petition shall include a criminal record check obtained from the statewide database, or its equivalent, in each state in which such proposed guardian has resided within the previous five-year period.

     (ii)   If any proposed guardian is an entity, the person or persons to have direct responsibility for the alleged incapacitated person and the principal of the entity shall comply with the requirements of subdivision (c)(2).

   (3)  Any proposed orders as required by Pa.R.O.C.P. 3.4(b);

   (4)  Any consent or acknowledgement of a proposed guardian to serve; and

   (5)  Certification. If the proposed guardian is an individual required to be certified pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  5511(f)(2) because he or she is seeking appointment to a third active guardianship, then either:

     (i)   proof of a currently valid national certification pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.6(c)(2); or

     (ii)   a concurrent petition for waiver of the certification requirement pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.6(c)(3) accompanied by written proof of equivalent licenses or certifications to ensure the capability of the proposed guardian.

 (d)  Emergency Guardian. A petition seeking the appointment of an emergency guardian shall aver with specificity the facts giving rise to the emergent circumstances and why the failure to make such an appointment will result in irreparable harm to the person or estate of the alleged incapacitated person.

 (e)  Separate Petitions. Separate petitions shall be filed for each alleged incapacitated person.

 (f)  Citation with Notice. A citation with notice using the form provided in the Appendix to these rules shall be attached to and served with the petition and any preliminary order as follows:

   (1)  By personal service upon the alleged incapacitated person no less than 20 days prior to the hearing. Additionally, the content and terms of the petition shall be explained to the maximum extent possible in language and terms the alleged incapacitated person is most likely to understand.

   (2)  In a manner permitted by Pa.R.O.C.P. 4.3 no less than 20 days prior to the hearing upon:

     (i)   All persons sui juris who would be entitled to an intestate share in the estate of the alleged incapacitated person;

     (ii)   The person or institution providing residential services to the alleged incapacitated person;

     (iii)   Any person named in subdivisions (a)(6)—(a)(9); and

     (iv)   Such other entities and persons as the court may direct, including service providers.

   (3)  For a petition seeking the appointment of an emergency guardian, the court may direct the manner of service as emergent circumstances warrant. Thereafter, notice shall be served in accordance with Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.2(f)(2).

Comment:
   See 20 Pa.C.S. § §  5421 et seq. for health care power of attorney and advance health care directive, which includes a combination of a living will and a health care power of attorney. See 20 Pa.C.S. § §  5601 et seq. for power of attorney. See 20 Pa.C.S. § §  5441—5447 for Living Will Act; 20 Pa.C.S. § §  5451—5465 for Health Care Agents and Representatives Act; 20 Pa.C.S. § §  5821—5826 for Advance Directive for Mental Health Act; 20 Pa.C.S. § §  5831—5845 for Mental Health Care Agents Act.

   See 20 Pa.C.S. §  5511(a.1)(1) pertaining to the petitioner’s obligation to inform the court if the petitioner learns the alleged incapacitated person is represented by counsel.

   As used in subdivision (a)(14), less restrictive alternatives to a guardianship include, but are not limited to, an advance directive, such as a durable power of attorney or trust, a living will, a health care power of attorney, a health care representative, a financial power of attorney, trusts, including special needs trusts, representative payees for individuals receiving Social Security benefits, and mental health advance directives. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  5512.1(a)(3).

   Petitioner’s counsel should consider the Rules of Professional Conduct pertaining to confidentiality and conflicts if he or she has consulted with the alleged incapacitated person regarding the less restrictive alternatives to guardianship set forth in 20 Pa.C.S. §  5512.1(a)(3). See Pa.R.P.C. 1.6 and 1.7; see also Pa.R.P.C. 1.14.

   Concerning the requirement of a criminal record check set forth in subdivision (c)(2), the Pennsylvania State Police has created the Pennsylvania Access to Criminal History (‘‘PATCH’’) System to enable the public to obtain criminal history record checks via Internet request. For information on requesting a criminal record check from the Pennsylvania State Police, see https://epatch.pa.gov/home. The certified response from the Pennsylvania State Police criminal history record check need not be notarized to comply with the requirements of this rule. Any response other than ‘‘no record’’ may require supplementation at the discretion of the court.

   An individual seeking appointment to a third active guardianship must be certified pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.6(c) prior to the third guardianship appointment. See also 20 Pa.C.S. §  5511(f).

   Limitations on emergency guardianships are prescribed by statute. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  5513.

   For notice to the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, see 20 Pa.C.S. §  8411.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.2 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524; amended December 18, 2024, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (396085) to (396088).

Rule 14.3. Alternative Proof of Incapacity: Expert Report in Lieu of In-Person or Deposition Testimony of Expert.
 (a)  A petitioner may seek to offer into evidence an expert report for the determination of incapacity in lieu of testimony, in-person or by deposition, of an expert using the form provided in the Appendix to these rules. In an emergency guardianship proceeding, an expert report may be offered into evidence if specifically authorized by the court.

 (b)  Notice.

   (1)  If a petitioner seeks to offer an expert report permitted under subdivision (a), the petitioner shall serve a copy of the completed report upon the alleged incapacitated person’s counsel and all other counsel of record pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 4.3 no later than ten days prior to the hearing on the petition.

   (2)  If a petitioner seeks to offer an expert report, as permitted under subdivision (a), the petitioner shall serve pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 4.3 a notice of that fact upon those entitled to notice of the petition and hearing no later than ten days prior to the hearing on the petition.

   (3)  The petitioner shall file a certificate of service with the court as to subdivisions (b)(1) and (b)(2).

 (c)  Demand.

   (1)  Within five days of service of the completed report provided in subdivision (b)(1), the alleged incapacitated person’s counsel may file with the court and serve upon the petitioner pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 4.3 a demand for the testimony of the expert.

   (2)  If a demand for testimony is filed and served as provided herein, then the expert report may not be admitted and an expert must provide testimony at the hearing, whether in-person or by deposition.

 (d)  Unless otherwise demanded pursuant to subdivision (c)(2), in the sole discretion of the court, incapacity may be established through the admission of an expert report prepared in compliance with the form provided in the Appendix to these rules. The expert must be qualified by training and experience in evaluating individuals with incapacities of the type alleged in the petition. The expert must sign, date, and verify the completed expert report.

 (e)  In the interest of justice, the court may excuse the notice and demand requirements set forth in subdivisions (b) and (c).

Comment:
   This rule is intended to permit the alleged incapacitated person to exercise the right to cross-examine testimony as to the capacity of the alleged incapacitated person. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  5518.1. Permitting the use of an expert report in compliance with this rule replaces the requirement of testimony, in-person or by deposition, of an expert. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  5518. ‘‘Deposition,’’ as used in this rule, is intended to be a deposition conducted in accordance with the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure. The rule is permissive; whether an expert report is admitted in lieu of testimony is in the sole discretion of the court. Nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the court from requiring testimony from the expert or otherwise requiring supplementation.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.3 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524; amended December 18, 2024, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (396089) to (396090).

Rule 14.4. Counsel.
 (a)  Retention of Counsel.

   (1)  Except as provided in subdivision (a)(3) and if not set forth in the petition filed pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.2 or 14.9(c), the petitioner shall file a written notice with the court containing the name and contact information of retained counsel as soon as the petitioner becomes aware that the alleged incapacitated person has retained counsel.

   (2)  The notice shall include the name and contact information of retained counsel.

   (3)  If retained counsel has filed an entry of appearance pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 1.7(a), the petitioner is not required to file the notice in subdivision (a)(1).

 (b)  Private Counsel. If the alleged incapacitated person has retained private counsel, counsel shall prepare a comprehensive engagement letter for the alleged incapacitated person to sign, setting forth when and how counsel was retained, the scope of counsel’s services, whether those services include pursuing any appeal, if necessary, how counsel will bill for legal services and costs and the hourly rate, if applicable, who will be the party considered responsible for payment, whether any retainer is required, and if so, the amount of the retainer. Counsel shall provide a copy of the signed engagement letter to the court upon request.

 (c)  Appointed Counsel.

   (1)  Generally. If the alleged incapacitated person has not retained counsel, the court shall appoint counsel to represent the alleged incapacitated person in any matter initiated by a petition filed pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.2 and in any proceeding to review, modify, or terminate a guardianship. The appointment required by this subdivision shall be made without regard to the ability of the alleged incapacitated person to pay.

   (2)  Qualifications of Appointed Counsel. Prior to appointing counsel to represent an alleged incapacitated person, the court shall inquire as to the experience and training of counsel to ensure adequate representation of the alleged incapacitated person.

   (3)  Initial Meeting; Certification by Counsel.

     (i)   Appointed counsel shall meet with the alleged incapacitated person as soon as reasonably possible after the appointment.

     (ii)   Within five days of the initial meeting between appointed counsel and the alleged incapacitated person, appointed counsel shall file a certification with the court setting forth the time and place of the meeting.

 (d)  Other Counsel. Counsel for any other party shall enter an appearance in accordance with Pa.R.O.C.P. 1.7(a).

Comment:
   Reasonable counsel fees, when appropriate, should be paid from the estate of the alleged incapacitated person whenever possible. If the alleged incapacitated person is unable to pay for counsel, then the court may order counsel fees and costs to be paid by the county. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  5511(c). Any fee dispute should be resolved in a timely and efficient manner to preserve resources in order to maintain the best possible quality of life for the incapacitated person.

   An order adjudicating incapacity and appointing a guardian will identify the scope of representation of court-appointed counsel. See Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.7(a)(1)(v).

   See Pa.R.P.C. 1.14 pertaining to the responsibilities of counsel to a client with diminished capacity.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.4 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524; amended December 18, 2024, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (396090).

Rule 14.5. Waiver or Modification of Bond.
 (a)  Request. A request for the court to waive or modify a bond requirement for a guardian of the estate may be raised within the petition for adjudication of incapacity or at any other time by petition.

 (b)  Waiver or Modification. The court may order the waiver or modification of a bond requirement for good cause.

 (c)  Assurance. If the court waives or modifies a bond requirement, then the court shall consider the necessity and means of periodic demonstration of continued good cause.

Explanatory Comment
   Pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  5515, the provisions of Sections 5121—5123 of Title 20 relating to bonding requirements are incorporated by reference into Chapter 55 proceedings. When property is held by the incapacitated person as fiduciary, see 20 Pa.C.S. §  5516. ‘‘Good cause’’ may include, but is not limited to, an estate of nominal value, fluctuation in the size of the estate, adequate insurance maintained by the guardian against risk of loss to the estate, the creditworthiness of the guardian, and assets of the guardian relative to the value of the estate.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.5 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524.

Rule 14.6. Determination of Incapacity and the Need for Guardianship; Selection of Guardian; Certification of Certain Guardians.
 (a)  Determination of Incapacity. The procedure for determining incapacity and for appointment of a guardian shall meet all requirements set forth at 20 Pa.C.S. § §  5511, 5512, and 5512.1. In addition, the petitioner shall present the citation and proof of service at the hearing.

 (b)  Selection of Guardian. If guardianship services are needed, then the court shall appoint the person nominated as such in a power of attorney, a health care power of attorney, an advance health care directive, a mental health care declaration, or mental health power of attorney, except for good cause shown or disqualification. Otherwise, the court shall consider the eligibility of one or more persons to serve as guardian in the following order:

   (1)  Guardian of the Person:

     (i)   The guardian of the estate;

     (ii)   The spouse, unless estranged or an action for divorce is pending;

     (iii)   An adult child;

     (iv)   A parent;

     (v)   The nominee of a deceased or living parent of an unmarried alleged incapacitated person;

     (vi)   An adult sibling;

     (vii)   An adult grandchild;

     (viii)   Other adult family member;

     (ix)   An adult who has knowledge of the alleged incapacitated person’s preferences and values, including, but not limited to religious and moral beliefs, and would be able to assess how the alleged incapacitated person would make decisions; or

     (x)   Other qualified proposed guardian, including an entity as provided in 20 Pa.C.S. §  5511(f)(1).

   (2)  Guardian of the Estate. If the estate of the incapacitated person consists of minimal assets or the proposed guardian possesses the skills and experience necessary to manage the finances of the estate:

     (i)   The guardian of the person;

     (ii)   The spouse unless estranged or an action for divorce is pending;

     (iii)   An adult child;

     (iv)   A parent;

     (v)   The nominee of a deceased or living parent of an unmarried alleged incapacitated person;

     (vi)   An adult sibling;

     (vii)   An adult grandchild;

     (viii)   Other adult family member;

     (ix)   An adult who has knowledge of the alleged incapacitated person’s preferences and values, including, but not limited to religious and moral beliefs, and would be able to assess how the alleged incapacitated person would make decisions; or

     (x)   If no individual listed in subdivisions (b)(2)(i)—(b)(2)(ix) possesses the skills and experience necessary to manage the finances of the estate, then the guardian of the estate may be any qualified proposed guardian, including an entity as provided in 20 Pa.C.S. §  5511(f)(1).

 (c)  Certification.

   (1)  Generally. An individual shall be certified or receive waiver of certification pursuant to this subdivision prior to appointment to a third active guardianship.

   (2)  Certification by a National Organization.

     (i)   An individual seeking to serve as a guardian in a third active guardianship shall satisfy the certification requirement in 20 Pa.C.S. §  5511(f)(2) by being certified by a national nonprofit organization that provides a comprehensive certification program for guardians that:

       (A)   requires submission of education and employment history;

       (B)   requires submission of Federal and State criminal history record information;

       (C)   requires passage of a certification exam; and

       (D)   administers and monitors a compliance and decertification process for certified guardians.

     (ii)   Continuing duty. A guardian certified by a national organization defined in subdivision (c)(2)(i) shall:

       (A)   maintain the certification in good standing; and

       (B)   file with the court:

         (I)   proof of recertification prior to the expiration date of the current certification; and

         (II)   written notice of any certification lapse, suspension, termination, or disciplinary action within seven days of such action.

   (3)  Petition for Waiver of Certification.

     (i)   Generally.

       (A)   The certification required by subdivision (c)(2) may be waived by the court in an individual court case following the grant of a petition demonstrating that a proposed guardian has such equivalent licenses or certifications as are necessary to ensure that the proposed guardian is capable of fully, faithfully, and competently performing the obligations of a guardian.

       (B)   The equivalent licenses or certifications shall be relevant to the form of guardianship sought in the petition.

       (C)   The petition shall include an averment identifying each judicial district where he or she has been granted a certification waiver and the number of active waivers.

     (ii)   Prohibition. A license to practice law alone is not an equivalent license or certification for purposes of subdivision (c)(3)(i).

Comment:
   The procedure for determining incapacity and for appointment of a guardian includes, among other things, the consideration of and factual findings as to the insufficiency of supports and less restrictive alternatives to guardianship. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  5512.1(a)(3); see also In re Peery, 727 A.2d 539 (Pa. 1999) (holding a person does not require a guardian if there is no need for guardianship services). Less restrictive alternatives include, but are not limited to, an advance directive, such as a durable power of attorney or trust, a living will, a health care power of attorney, a health care representative, a financial power of attorney, trusts, including special needs trusts, representative payees for individuals receiving Social Security benefits, and mental health advance directives. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  5512.1(a)(3). The findings of fact required by §  5512.1(a)(3) are not publicly available unless included in the order adjudicating a person as incapacitated. See Case Records Public Access Policy of the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania, §  9.0B, 204 Pa. Code §  213.81.

   If the alleged incapacitated person has requested a jury trial pursuant to 20 Pa.C.S. §  777(b), then the findings of fact required by 20 Pa.C.S. §  5512.1(a) shall be made by the jury.

   If a principal nominates a guardian pursuant to a power of attorney, a health care power of attorney, an advance health care directive, which includes a combination of a living will and a health care power of attorney, a mental health care declaration, or mental health power of attorney, then the court must appoint that person as guardian except for good cause or disqualification. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  5604(c)(2) (power of attorney); 20 Pa.C.S. §  5460(b) (health care power of attorney); 20 Pa.C.S. §  5422 (defining ‘‘advance health care directive’’); 20 Pa.C.S. §  5823 (mental health declaration); 20 Pa.C.S. §  5841(c) (mental health power of attorney); see also 20 Pa.C.S. §  5511(f) (who may be appointed guardian).

   For guardianship certification and waiver pursuant to subdivision (c), see 20 Pa.C.S. §  5511(f). The Center for Guardianship Certification is an example of an organization that meets the criteria of §  5511(f).

   See Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.2(c)(5) pertaining to exhibits to the petition for appointment of guardian to demonstrate compliance with subdivision (c) and 20 Pa.C.S. §  5511(f).

   Examples of relevant licenses or certifications for a proposed guardian of the person may include, but are not limited to, health care, nursing, social work, psychology, or care management. Examples of relevant licenses or certifications for a proposed guardian of the estate may include, but are not limited to, accounting, financial management, or retirement income planning.

   A license to practice law alone is not an equivalent license or certification for purposes of seeking waiver of certification. 20 Pa.C.S. §  5511(f)(3).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.6 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524; amended December 18, 2024, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (396091) to (396092).

Rule 14.7. Order and Certificate.
 (a)  Order Adjudicating Incapacity and Appointing Guardian.

   (1)  An order adjudicating incapacity and appointing a guardian shall address:

     (i)   the type of guardianship being ordered and any limits, if applicable;

     (ii)   the continued effectiveness of any previously executed powers of attorney or health care powers of attorney and the authority of such agent to act under the document;

     (iii)   the necessity of filing reports pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.8(a);

     (iv)   the person or persons entitled to receive notice of the filing of such reports, pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.8(b); and

     (v)   the continued scope of representation of court-appointed counsel.

   (2)  An order adjudicating incapacity and appointing a guardian shall contain a provision substantially in the following form:

   

  [Incapacitated person] is hereby notified of the right to seek reconsideration of this Order pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 8.2 and the right to appeal this Order within 30 days from the date of this Order by filing a Notice of Appeal with the Clerk of the Orphans’ Court. [Incapacitated person] may also petition the court at any time to review, modify, or terminate the guardianship due to a change in circumstances. [Incapacitated person] has a right to be represented by counsel to file a motion for reconsideration, an appeal, or to seek modification or termination of this guardianship. If he or she is unrepresented, the court will appoint counsel to represent [incapacitated person]. The court may order that the representation is free of charge if it is determined that [incapacitated person] cannot afford to pay for counsel.

   (3)  Scheduled Review Hearing. If the court finds that evidence presented during the guardianship proceeding indicates that the circumstances of the incapacitated person’s incapacity may change, the order shall include the date for a review hearing no later than one year from the date of the order establishing the guardianship.

 (b)  Order Adjudicating Incapacity and Appointing Guardian of Estate.

   (1)  In addition to the requirements set forth in subdivision (a)(1), an order adjudicating incapacity and appointing a guardian of the estate shall address:

     (i)   whether a bond is required and when the bond is to be filed; and

     (ii)   whether the guardian can spend principal without prior court approval.

   (2)  In addition to the requirement set forth in subdivision (a)(2), an order adjudicating incapacity and appointing a guardian of the estate shall contain a provision reflecting the authority of the guardian:

     (i)   Plenary Guardian. An order appointing a plenary guardian shall contain a provision in substantially the following form:

     

  All financial institutions, including without limitation, banks, savings and loans, credit unions, and brokerages, shall grant to the guardian of [incapacitated person]’s estate access to any and all assets, records, and accounts maintained for the benefit of [incapacitated person], and the guardian of [incapacitated person]’s estate shall be entitled to transfer, retitle, withdraw, or otherwise exercise dominion and control over any and all said assets, records, and accounts. The failure of any financial institution to honor this order may lead to contempt proceedings and the imposition of sanctions.

     (ii)   Limited Guardian. An order appointing a limited guardian shall specify the portion of assets or income over which the guardian of the estate is assigned powers and duties.

 (c)  Certificate of Guardianship of Estate.

   (1)  Certificate of Plenary Guardianship of Estate. Upon the request of the plenary guardian of the estate, the clerk shall issue a certificate substantially in the following form:


(Caption)
 I CERTIFY that on

, the Court adjudged
an incapacitated person and appointed
as plenary guardian of the estate. At the time of this certification, there is no record of modification of the appointment order on the docket.
 FURTHER, I CERTIFY the Court, inter alia, ordered that:

 All financial institutions, including without limitation, banks, savings and loans, credit unions, and brokerages shall grant to the guardian of [incapacitated person]’s estate access to any and all assets, records, and accounts maintained for the benefit of [incapacitated person], and the guardian of [incapacitated person]’s estate shall be entitled to transfer, retitle, withdraw, or otherwise exercise dominion and control over any and all said assets, records, and accounts. The failure of any financial institution to honor this order may lead to contempt proceedings and the imposition of sanctions.

 Witness my hand and seal of said Court this

day of
,
.
 [seal]

 CLERK OF ORPHANS’ COURT

   (2)  Certificate of Limited Guardianship of Estate. Upon the request of the limited guardian of the estate, the clerk shall issue a certificate substantially in the following form:

(Caption)
 I CERTIFY that on

, the Court adjudged
an incapacitated person and appointed
as limited guardian of the estate. At the time of this certification, there is no record of modification of the appointment order on the docket.
 This is a limited certification of guardianship. The order appointing the limited guardian shall determine the extent of the guardian’s authority.

 Witness my hand and seal of said Court this

day of
,
.
 [seal]

 CLERK OF ORPHANS’ COURT

 (d) Order Adjudicating Incapacity and Denying Appointment of a Guardian in Whole or in Part. An order denying the appointment of a guardian in whole or in part shall identify the less restrictive alternatives that are available and sufficient to enable the alleged incapacitated person to manage personal financial resources or to meet essential requirements of personal physical health and safety.

Comment:
   The requirements of subdivision (a) are intended to apply to all guardianship orders.

   See 20 Pa.C.S. §  5512.2(a) and Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.9 pertaining to grounds and procedures for scheduled review hearings, respectively.

   The items addressed and contained in the order, as set forth in subdivisions (a) and (b), are not exhaustive. The court may fashion a guardianship of a person order to inform health care providers of the guardian’s authority, including the authority to give informed consent to proposed treatment, to share information, and to make decisions for the incapacitated person. See also In re DLH, 2 A.3d 505 (Pa. 2010) (discussing whether guardian has authority concerning life-preserving care); 20 Pa.C.S. §  5460(a) (requiring the court to determine the extent of agent’s authority under a health care power of attorney); 20 Pa.C.S. §  5604(c)(3) (requiring the court to determine the extent of agent’s authority under a durable power of attorney).

   The incapacitated person and any substitute decision maker may be assisted by the information in subdivision (d) to communicate instructions to third parties. See 20 Pa.C.S. §  5512.1(a)(6)(iv).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.7 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524; amended December 18, 2024, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (396092) and (418495) to (418496).

Rule 14.8. Guardianship Reporting, Monitoring, Review, and Compliance.
 (a)  Reporting. A guardian shall file the following reports with the clerk:

   (1)  An inventory by the guardian of the estate within 90 days of such guardian’s appointment;

   (2)  An annual report by the guardian of the estate of an incapacitated person one year after appointment and annually thereafter;

   (3)  An annual report by the guardian of the person one year after appointment and annually thereafter;

   (4)  A final report by the guardian of the person and the guardian of the estate within 60 days of the death of the incapacitated person, an adjudication of capacity, a change of guardian, or the expiration of an order of limited duration; and

   (5)  A final report from the guardian of the person and the guardian of the estate upon receipt of the provisional order from another state’s court accepting transfer of a guardianship.

 (b)  Notice of Filing. If, pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.7(a)(1)(iv), the order appointing the guardian identifies the person or persons entitled to receive notice of the filing of any report set forth in subdivision (a), the guardian shall serve a notice of filing within ten days after filing a report using the form provided in the Appendix to these Rules. Service shall be in accordance with Pa.R.O.C.P. 4.3.

 (c)  {Rescinded}.

 (d)  Monitoring. The clerk or the court’s designee shall monitor the guardianship docket to confirm the guardian’s compliance with the reporting requirements set forth in subdivision (a).

 (e)  Review. The court or its designee shall review the filed reports.

 (f)  Compliance. To ensure compliance with these reporting requirements:

   (1)  If any report is deemed incomplete or is more than 20 days delinquent, then the clerk or the court’s designee shall serve notice on the guardian directing compliance within 20 days, with a copy of the notice sent to the court and the guardian’s counsel, if represented.

   (2)  If the guardian fails to comply with the reporting requirements within 20 days of service of the notice, then the clerk or the court’s designee shall file and transmit a notice of deficiency to the adjudicating judge and serve a notice of deficiency on those persons named in the court’s order pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.7(a)(1)(iv) as being entitled to receive a notice of filing.

   (3)  The court may thereafter take such enforcement procedures as are necessary to ensure compliance.

   (4)  After reasonable enforcement procedures by the court have been unsuccessful, the court shall enter an order that:

     (i)   includes an explanation of the actions taken by the court to attempt enforcement of the filing requirements;

     (ii)   includes clearly enumerated reasons why the guardian or former guardian has not been compelled to comply with any filing requirements; and either

       (A)   directs that a successor guardian or designee of the court file the delinquent filing with the clerk and it shall be docketed as such by the clerk; or

       (B)   directs the order issued by the court to be docketed by the clerk in lieu of the delinquent filing.

Comment:
   See Pa.R.J.A. 510 governing the filing of inventories and annual reports online using the Guardianship Tracking System.

   Provisions of former subdivision (c), pertaining to reporting forms, were moved to Pa.R.O.C.P. 1.8(c). The reporting forms are available at https://www.pacourts.us/forms/for-the-public/orphans-court-forms. This rule is silent as to the manner of proceeding when reports are deficient or warrant further investigation, or when the guardian is recalcitrant after being given notice by the clerk or the court’s designee. In its discretion, the court may order further documentation, conduct a review hearing, or take further action as may be deemed necessary, including, but not limited to, removal of the guardian or contempt proceedings. If those efforts are unsuccessful, the court shall proceed as set forth in subdivision (f)(4).

   As used in subdivision (f)(4)(ii)(A), a ‘‘designee of the court’’ is an individual who is: (1) knowledgeable about the incapacitated person and the contents of the report; and (2) appointed by the court for the sole purpose of filing the delinquent report that the guardian or successor guardian is unable or unwilling to file. An attorney, accountant, or agent of the guardian or former guardian may have the requisite knowledge to serve in this capacity.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.8 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524; amended January 2, 2020, effective April 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 306; amended June 12, 2023, effective April 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 3305; amended December 18, 2024, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (418496) to (418497).

Rule 14.9. Review Hearing.
 (a)  Initiation. A review hearing may be requested by petition, ordered by the court upon its own initiative, or set forth in the order adjudicating incapacity and appointing a guardian. The procedure for conducting a review hearing shall meet all requirements set forth at 20 Pa.C.S. §  5512.2.

 (b)  Counsel. If an incapacitated person is unrepresented by counsel prior to the review hearing, then the court shall appoint counsel to represent the incapacitated person prior to the review hearing. An order ruling on the merits of the review hearing shall address the continued scope of representation of court-appointed counsel.

 (c)  Petition.

   (1)  A petition for a review hearing shall set forth:

     (i)   the name, age, address, and mailing address, if different, of the petitioner and the petitioner’s relationship to the incapacitated person;

     (ii)   the date of the adjudication of incapacity;

     (iii)   the names and addresses of all guardians;

     (iv)   if the incapacitated person has been a patient in a mental health facility, the name of such facility, the date of admission, and the date of discharge;

     (v)   the present address of the incapacitated person, and the name of the person with whom the incapacitated person is living;

     (vi)   the names and addresses of the presumptive intestate heirs of the incapacitated person and whether they are sui juris or non sui juris;

     (vii)   whether the incapacitated person is represented by counsel and, if so, the name and address of counsel; and

     (viii)   averments setting forth why the guardianship should be terminated or modified, including averments pertaining to the findings required by 20 Pa.C.S. §  5512.1(a)(1)—(a)(4).

   (2)  Service. The petition shall be served in accordance with Pa.R.O.C.P. 4.3 upon the incapacitated person, his or her counsel, and those entitled to notice pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.2(f)(2).

   (3)   Hearing. The review hearing shall be conducted promptly after the filing of the petition with notice of the hearing served upon those served with the petition pursuant to subdivision (c)(2).

 (d)  Scheduled Review Hearing. If the court orders a review hearing on its own initiative or in the order establishing the guardianship pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.7(a)(3), then:

   (1)  the court shall give notice of the hearing to the incapacitated person, his or her counsel, and those entitled to notice pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.2(f)(2) at least 20 days prior to the date of the hearing; and

   (2)  the hearing notice shall be served in compliance with Pa.R.O.C.P. 4.3.

Comment:
   Nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the court from scheduling a review hearing upon its own initiative or in the order adjudicating incapacity and appointing a guardian. For the court’s disposition of a review hearing and evidentiary burden of proof, see 20 Pa.C.S. §  5512.2.

   See Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.4(c) pertaining to responsibilities of appointed counsel.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.9 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524; amended December 18, 2024, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (418498).

Rule 14.10. Proceedings Relating to Real Property.
 (a)  Applicable Rules. A petition for the public or private sale, exchange, lease, or mortgage of real property of an incapacitated person or the grant of an option for the sale, exchange, or lease of the same shall conform as far as practicable to the requirements of these Rules for personal representatives, trustees, and guardians of minors in a transaction of similar type.

 (b)  Objection. The guardian shall include in the petition an averment as to whether the guardian knows or has reason to know of any objection of the incapacitated person to the proposed transaction, the nature and circumstances of any such objection, and whether expressed before or after the adjudication of incapacity.

   Note

   See Pa. O.C. Rules 5.10, 5.11, and 5.12.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.10 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524.

Rule 14.11. Transfer of Guardianship of the Person to Another State.
 (a)  Petition. A petition filed by a guardian appointed in Pennsylvania to transfer the guardianship of the person to another state must plead sufficient facts to demonstrate:

   (1)  the incapacitated person is physically present in or is reasonably expected to move permanently to the other state;

   (2)  plans for care and services for the incapacitated person in the other state are reasonable and sufficient;

   (3)  the court to which the guardianship will be transferred; and

   (4)  the guardianship will likely be accepted by the other state’s court.

 (b)  Service. The guardian shall serve a copy of the petition in accordance with Rule 4.3 upon the incapacitated person and those entitled to service pursuant to Rule 14.2(f)(2).

 (c)  Objections. Any person entitled to service of the petition may file an answer with the clerk raising objections alleging that the transfer would be contrary to the interests of the incapacitated person.

 (d)  Hearing. If needed, the court shall conduct an evidentiary hearing on the petition.

 (e)  Orders. Upon finding that the allegations contained in the petition have been substantiated and the objections, if any, have not been substantiated, the court shall:

   (1)  issue an order provisionally granting the petition to transfer the guardianship and directing the guardian to petition for acceptance of the guardianship in the other state; and

   (2)  issue a final order confirming the transfer and relinquishing jurisdiction upon receipt of the provisional order from the other state’s court accepting the transfer and the filing of the final report of the guardian.

Explanatory Comment
   See Subchapter C of the Uniform Adult Guardianship and Protective Proceedings Jurisdiction Act, 20 Pa.C.S. § §  5921—5922. This petition may also include a request to transfer the guardianship of the estate to another state as provided in Rule 14.12. The likelihood that the guardianship may be accepted by the other state’s court may be established by evidence of the state having procedures similar to Rule 14.13.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.11 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524.

Rule 14.12. Transfer of Guardianship of the Estate to Another State.
 (a)  Petition. A petition filed by a guardian appointed in Pennsylvania to transfer the guardianship of the estate must plead sufficient facts to demonstrate:

   (1)  the incapacitated person is:

     (i)   physically present in the other state;

     (ii)   reasonably expected to move permanently to the other state; or

     (iii)   significantly connected to the other state.

   (2)  adequate arrangements will be made for the management of the incapacitated person’s estate;

   (3)  the court to which the guardianship will be transferred; and

   (4)  the guardianship will likely be accepted by the other state’s court.

 (b)  Service. The guardian shall serve a copy of the petition in accordance with Rule 4.3 upon the incapacitated person and those entitled to service pursuant to Rule 14.2(f)(2).

 (c)  Objections. Any person entitled to service of the petition may file an answer with the clerk raising objections alleging that the transfer would be contrary to the interests of the incapacitated person.

 (d)  Hearing. If needed, the court shall conduct an evidentiary hearing on the petition.

 (e)  Orders. Upon finding that the allegations contained in the petition have been substantiated and the objections, if any, have not been substantiated, the court shall:

   (1)  issue an order provisionally granting the petition to transfer the guardianship and directing the guardian to petition for acceptance of the guardianship in the other state; and

   (2)  issue a final order confirming the transfer and relinquishing jurisdiction upon receipt of the provisional order from the other state’s court accepting the transfer and the filing of the final report of the guardian.

Explanatory Comment
   See Subchapter C of the Uniform Adult Guardianship and Protective Proceedings Jurisdiction Act, 20 Pa.C.S. § §  5921—5922. For factors used to determine the significance of the incapacitated person’s connection with the other state, see 20 Pa.C.S. §  5911(b). This petition may also include a request to transfer the guardianship of the person to another state as provided in Rule 14.11. The likelihood that the guardianship may be accepted by the other state’s court may be established by evidence of the state having procedures similar to Rule 14.13.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.12 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524.

Rule 14.13. Acceptance of a Guardianship Transferred from Another State.
 (a)  A petition to confirm the transfer of a guardianship from another state to Pennsylvania shall:

   (1)  plead sufficient facts to demonstrate:

     (i)   the eligibility of the guardian for appointment in Pennsylvania;

     (ii)   the proceeding in the other state approving the transfer was conducted in a manner similar to Rules 14.11 or 14.12 (concerning transfer of guardianship);

   (2)  include a certified copy of the other state’s provisional order approving the transfer; and

   (3)  include a certified copy of the petition and order determining initial incapacity in the other state.

 (b)  Service. The guardian shall serve a copy of the petition in the manner and upon the incapacitated person and those entitled to service pursuant to Rule 14.2(f).

 (c)  Objections. Any person entitled to notice of the petition may file an answer with the clerk raising objections alleging that the transfer would be contrary to the interests of the incapacitated person.

 (d)  Hearing. If needed, the court shall conduct an evidentiary hearing on the petition.

 (e)  Orders. Upon finding that the allegations contained in the petition have been substantiated and the objections, if any, have not been substantiated, the court shall:

   (1)  issue an order provisionally granting the petition to confirm transfer of the guardianship; and

   (2)  upon receiving a final order from the court transferring the guardianship, the court shall issue a final order accepting the guardianship, appointing the guardian appointed previously by the court of the other state as the guardian in Pennsylvania, and directing the guardian to comply with the reporting requirements of Rule 14.8.

Explanatory Comment
   See Uniform Adult Guardianship and Protective Proceedings Jurisdiction Act, 20 Pa.C.S. §  5922(f) (court’s consideration of a modification of guardianship).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.13 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524.

Rule 14.14. Forms.
 The following forms located in the Appendix to these rules shall be used exclusively:

 (a)  Important Notice—Citation with Notice (G-01);

 (b)  {Rescinded};

 (c)  {Rescinded};

 (d)  Guardian’s Inventory for a Minor (G-04);

 (e)  {Rescinded};

 (f)  Guardianship of Incapacitated Person: Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution Pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 2.4 (OC-03);

 (g)  Guardianship of Minor: Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution Pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 2.4 (OC-04);

 (h)  Expert Report (G-06); and

 (i)  Notice of Filing (G-07).

Comment:
   In accordance with Pa.R.O.C.P. 1.8, these forms shall be used exclusively and cannot be replaced or supplanted by a local form.

   Subdivisions (b), (c), and (e), pertaining to reports required by Pa.R.O.C.P 14.8, were rescinded. Although rescinded from the Appendix to these rules, the reporting forms are available at https://www.pacourts.us/forms/for-the-public/orphans-court-forms and shall be used exclusively. See Pa.R.O.C.P. 14.8(a) and 1.8(c).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 14.14 adopted June 1, 2018, effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524; amended December 18, 2024, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (396099) to (396100).





















~ XV.    ADOPTIONS
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8015/chap8015toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
CHAPTER XV. ADOPTIONS1
Rule


15.1.    Local Adoption Rules.
15.2.    Definitions.
15.3.    Prerequisites for any Petition to Terminate Parental Rights or Petition to Adopt.
15.4.    Notice of Hearing to Terminate Parental Rights; Method and Time.
15.5.    Certification Filed with the Clerk Maintaining the Dependency Docket.
15.6.    Filing of Termination Petitions when an Agency is Not Involved.
15.7.    Voluntary Relinquishment to Agency.
15.8.    Voluntary Relinquishment to Adult Intending to Adopt Child.
15.9.    Alternative Procedure for Relinquishment by Confirmation of Consent to Adoption.
15.10.    Involuntary Termination of Parental Rights.
15.11.    Notice of Right to File Statement of Medical, Personal, or Social History Information.
15.12.    Court Review and Approval of Contact Agreement.
15.13.    Adoption.
15.14.    Registration of Foreign Adoption Decree.
15.15.    Petition for Adoption of a Foreign Born Child.
15.16.    Notice and Service in Subsequent Petitions Regarding Contact Agreements.
15.17.    Petition to Modify a Contact Agreement.
15.18.    Petition to Enforce a Contact Agreement.
15.19.    Petition to Discontinue a Contact Agreement.
15.20.    Collection of Documents and Maintenance of Court File.
15.21.    Privacy; Withholding the Court File from Inspection.
15.22.    Dissemination and Release of Information in the Court File.
Source
   This Rule 15 renamed Chapter XV December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098.

 1See the Adoption Act of 1970, P.L. 620, 1 P.S. 101 et seq. as to adoption jurisdiction in the Orphans’ Court Division in all counties other than Philadelphia, see § §  711(7) and 713, PEF Code, 20 Pa.C.S. § §  711(7) and 713.

[ [!] https://judicious-priority.github.io/code-stat/ai_snippets/ai%202025-10-02%20Adoption%20Act%20of%201970.pdf , https://insight.dickinsonlaw.psu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=2804&context=dlra , https://dsc.duq.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1568&context=dlr ]

Rule 15.1. Local Adoption Rules.
 The practice and procedure with respect to adoptions shall be as provided by Act of Assembly and the Rules under this Chapter XV. Local rules further regulating the practice and procedure with respect to adoptions may be promulgated in accordance with Rule 1.5, provided such local rules shall not be inconsistent with these Rules and the Adoption Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2101 et seq.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.1 rescinded and replaced July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382159).

Rule 15.2. Definitions.
 In addition to the terms and definitions provided in Rule 1.3, the following words and phrases when used in Chapter XV shall have the following meaning:

   ‘‘Adopted Child’’ or ‘‘Adopted Individual’’—any individual for whom a decree of adoption has been entered in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2902 after a hearing, or in accordance with the laws of another country or state of a similar import;

   ‘‘Adoptee’’—an individual as defined in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2102;

   ‘‘Agency’’—an entity or organization providing adoption services as defined in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2102 or 23 Pa.C.S. §  2732, as applicable;

   ‘‘Authorized Representative’’—an individual as defined in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2911 trained by the Department to handle certain requests for identifying information and to search for the subject of the request as necessary;

   ‘‘Birth Relative’’—an individual as identified in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2732;

   ‘‘Child’’—an adoptee or adopted individual who is a minor, or the individual whose parent’s rights are the subject of a termination proceeding;

   ‘‘Clerk’’—the clerk or department as defined in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2102;

   ‘‘Contact Agreement’’—a voluntary written agreement between a Prospective Adoptive Parent and a birth relative that is executed and approved by the court in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2731 et seq. and provides for continuing post-adoption contact or communication between the adopted child and the birth relative or between the adoptive parent and the birth relative;

   ‘‘Court’’—the division of the Court of Common Pleas conducting any proceeding under the Adoption Act;

   ‘‘Department’’—the Department of Human Services of the Commonwealth;

   ‘‘Intermediary’’—any person or agency arranging an adoption placement as defined in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2102;

   ‘‘Minor’’—a person who has not attained 18 years of age;

   ‘‘Presumptive Father’’—the man married to the child’s mother at any time during the one-year period prior to the child’s birth;

   ‘‘Prospective Adoptive Parents’’—individuals with whom the adoptee has been placed for the purpose of adoption, or who have filed a report of intention to adopt under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2531;

   ‘‘Putative Father’’—an alleged birth father whose parental status has not been legally established and who is not a presumptive father;

   ‘‘Statement of medical, personal, or social history information’’—the information concerning an adopted individual or the birth family of an adopted individual as set forth in 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2102, 2911. The Rules in this Chapter use the term ‘‘statement of medical, personal, or social history information’’ because the Adoption Act refers to these statements in varying ways. Compare 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2503(e), 2504(d), 2511(c) with 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2923, 2934.

Explanatory Comment
   In Philadelphia County, jurisdiction over adoptions, terminations of parental rights, birth records, and related proceedings is exercised through the Family Court Division of the Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas. 20 Pa.C.S. §  713. In all other counties, family court judges who have adjudicated a child dependent, conducted permanency hearings, or conducted other dependency proceedings may be assigned to the Orphans’ Court Division for purposes of hearing petitions to terminate parental rights or petitions to adopt a dependent child. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351(i).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.2 rescinded and replaced July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (382159) to (382160).

Rule 15.3. Prerequisites for any Petition to Terminate Parental Rights or Petition to Adopt.
 (a)  Separate Petitions for Each Child and Any Adoptee. Separate petitions must be filed for each child or adult adoptee who is the subject of a proceeding under Rule 15.7 (Voluntary Relinquishment to Agency), Rule 15.8 (Voluntary Relinquishment to Adult Intending to Adopt Child), Rule 15.9 (Alternative Procedure for Relinquishment by Confirmation of Consent to Adoption), Rule 15.10 (Involuntary Termination of Parental Rights), Rule 15.12 (Court Review and Approval of Contact Agreement), Rule 15.13 (Adoption), Rule 15.14 (Registration of Foreign Adoption Decree), Rule 15.15 (Petition for Adoption of a Foreign Born Child), Rule 15.17 (Petition to Modify a Contact Agreement), Rule 15.18 (Petition to Enforce a Contact Agreement), and Rule 15.19 (Petition to Discontinue a Contact Agreement).

 (b)  Filing of Original Birth Certificate. Unless previously filed, the child’s original birth certificate or certification of registration of birth shall be filed when the petition to terminate parental rights is filed, and the clerk shall make the original birth certificate or certification of registration of birth part of the court file pertaining to that child.

Explanatory Comment
   For the following reasons, a separate petition must be filed for each child and any adult adoptee who is the subject of any one of the enumerated proceedings: (i) privacy concerns; (ii) better and more accurate data collection, especially if siblings do not share the same birth parents; and (iii) facilitating appellate proceedings if an appeal from an order terminating parental rights is taken as to only one of the involved children. The court in its discretion may consolidate separate petitions for any hearing.

   A county agency unduly burdened by the costs of filing separate petitions for a group of siblings may petition the court for relief from such filing costs. It is anticipated that such petitions for relief would be made only when the costs are burdensome.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.3 rescinded and replaced July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (382160).

Rule 15.4. Notice of Hearing to Terminate Parental Rights; Method and Time.
 (a)  Contents of Notice; Service of Notice and Copies to Others.

   (1)  For a petition filed under Rule 15.7 (relating to Voluntary Relinquishment to Agency) or Rule 15.8 (relating to Voluntary Relinquishment to Adult Intending to Adopt Child), notice shall be in the form and served upon the individuals as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503(b).

   (2)  For a petition filed under Rule 15.9 (relating to Alternative Procedure for Relinquishment by Confirmation of Consent to Adoption), notice shall be in the form provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2513(b) and served upon the individuals as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2504(b).

   (3)  For a petition filed under Rule 15.10 (relating to Involuntary Termination of Parental Rights), notice shall be in the form and served upon the individuals as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2513(b).

 (b)  Method of Notice.

   (1)  For a proceeding under Rule 15.7 (relating to Voluntary Relinquishment to Agency) or Rule 15.8 (relating to Voluntary Relinquishment to Adult Intending to Adopt Child), every person whose parental rights are sought to be terminated in the proceeding and any other person entitled to notice under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503(b) shall be provided with notice of the hearing by one of the following means:

     (A)   personal service;

     (B)   registered or certified mail with delivery restricted to the addressee only and a return receipt requested, or first-class United States mail postage prepaid, mailed to the person’s residence, location where he or she is known to be staying, or business where he or she is known to be currently employed;

     (C)   electronic transmission provided such person has signed a writing consenting that notice be sent by electronic transmission, providing an electronic mail address or social media account to which such notice shall be sent, and verifying that he or she regularly accesses and reviews such electronic mail address or social media account; or

     (D)   such other means including electronic transmission as the court may require under the facts of the individual case. Any person entitled to notice of the hearing may waive in writing such notice.

   (2)  For a proceeding under Rule 15.9 (relating to confirming consent as an Alternative Procedure for Relinquishment), every person whose parental rights are sought to be terminated in the proceeding and any other person entitled to notice under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2504(b) shall be provided with notice of the hearing by one of the following means:

     (A)   personal service;

     (B)   registered or certified mail with delivery restricted to the addressee only and a return receipt requested mailed to the person’s residence, location where he or she is known to be staying, or business where he or she is known to be currently employed;

     (C)   electronic transmission provided such person has signed a writing consenting that notice be sent by electronic transmission, providing an electronic mail address or social media account to which such notice shall be sent, and verifying that he or she regularly accesses and reviews such electronic mail address or social media account; or

     (D)   such other means including electronic transmission as the court may require under the facts of the individual case.

 Any person entitled to notice of the hearing may waive in writing such notice.

   (3)(A)  For a proceeding under Rule 15.10 (relating to Involuntary Termination of Parental Rights), every person entitled to notice as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2513(b) shall be provided with notice of the hearing by one of the following means:

       (i)   personal service;

       (ii)   registered or certified mail with delivery restricted to the addressee only and a return receipt requested mailed to the person’s residence, location where he or she is known to be staying, or business where he or she is known to be currently employed; or

       (iii)   such other means including electronic transmission as the court may require under the facts of the individual case.

     (B)   If the identity and location of the person whose parental rights are sought to be involuntarily terminated are known or can be determined after reasonable investigation, a copy of the petition for involuntary termination of parental rights shall be attached to the notice required by 23 Pa.C.S. §  2513(b).

     (C)   A person who is not the subject of the proceeding and whose parental rights are not sought to be terminated in the proceeding but who is entitled to receive notice of the hearing under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2513(b) may waive in writing such notice.

   (4)  If service cannot be obtained upon the person whose parental rights are sought to be terminated either because service is refused or unsuccessful and no alternative service is directed by the court or because the person’s identity or whereabouts are unknown after reasonable investigation, then notice by publication shall be given as directed by the court, after a motion in accordance with Pa.R.C.P. No. 430(a) and upon a finding by the court that a reasonable investigation was made.

     (A)   In addition to any other requirements that may be imposed by the court, the publication notice shall include the last name of the birth mother, the date of the child’s birth, the place of the child’s birth and the child’s gender. The publication notice shall include the contents of the notice required by 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503(b) or 23 Pa.C.S. §  2513(b), as applicable, but shall not include notice of the opportunity for a birth relative of the child to enter into a Contact Agreement.

     (B)   The publication notice shall direct the person whose parental rights are sought to be terminated to contact the petitioner or counsel for the petitioner as set forth in the notice to obtain a copy of the petition prior to the hearing.

     (C)   Publication shall occur once in a newspaper of general circulation for the county where the birth parent whose rights are sought to be terminated resides, or if not known, the place where the child was conceived.

   (5)  If service cannot be obtained upon a person who is not the subject of the proceeding and whose parental rights are not sought to be terminated in the proceeding but who is entitled to receive notice of the hearing under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503(b), §  2504(b), or §  2513(b), and service could not be obtained either because service is refused or unsuccessful or because the person’s identity or whereabouts are unknown after reasonable investigation, no further service of the notice shall be required.

   (6)  Once service has been obtained in a manner as provided upon the person whose parental rights are sought to be terminated, all persons entitled to receive any subsequent legal paper or notice may be served by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the person’s last known residence, location where he or she is known to be staying or business where he or she is known to be currently employed, by electronic transmission provided such person has signed a writing consenting that notice be sent by electronic transmission, providing an electronic mail address or social media account to which such notice shall be sent, and verifying that he or she regularly accesses and reviews such electronic mail address or social media account, or to the person’s counsel of record, if represented.

 (c)  Timing of Notice. Notice of the hearing shall be provided at least 10 days prior to the date of the hearing.

Explanatory Comment
   The notice required by subparagraph (a)(3) advises a parent whose rights are subject to termination in an involuntary termination proceeding that he or she has the right to be represented at the hearing by a lawyer. The notice includes the contact information for the person or agency in the judicial district from whom information as to the availability of legal help may be obtained. The court shall appoint counsel for a parent whose rights are subject to termination in an involuntary termination proceeding, if upon petition of the parent, the court determines that the parent is unable to pay for counsel or that payment would result in substantial financial hardship. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  2313(a.1); Rule 15.10(d)(2).

   Personal service in the context of this Rule means service by handing a copy to the person entitled to notice.

   See Pa.R.C.P. No. 76 that certified mail is the equivalent of registered mail.

   See also Pa.R.C.P. No. 430(a) regarding the averments necessary in a motion for alternative service if service cannot otherwise be accomplished. If the motion under Pa.R.C.P. No. 430(a) avers sufficient facts and includes sufficient supporting exhibits to establish that a reasonable investigation was made to ascertain the identity or whereabouts of the subject birth parent, the court need not conduct a hearing on the motion, but shall issue an order directing alternative service, including service by electronic transmission or publication.

   The PACFile electronic filing system, developed and administered by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts, does not provide notice of the hearing that is compliant with the requirements of (b)(1)(C) and (b)(2)(C), unless a person consents in writing to notices being sent by electronic transmission. In the alternative, a court may, per subparagraphs (b)(1)(D), (b)(2)(D), and (b)(3)(A)(iii) and dependent upon the facts of an individual case, permit notification of the hearing by PACFile without requiring consent in writing that the notice be sent by electronic transmission.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.4 rescinded and replaced July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (366187) to (366188).

Rule 15.5. Certification Filed with the Clerk Maintaining the Dependency Docket.
 (a)  Within seven days of the filing of a petition to terminate parental rights under Rules 15.7, 15.8, 15.9, or 15.10, or a petition to adopt under Rule 15.13, the county agency shall file a praecipe with the clerk of the court where the child was declared dependent using the caption of the dependency proceeding, notifying that clerk of the name of the petition filed and the date of its filing in substantially the form approved by the Supreme Court.

 (b)  Within seven days of receiving the court’s disposition of the petitions described in paragraph (a), the county agency shall file a praecipe with the clerk of the court where the child was declared dependent using the caption of the dependency proceeding, notifying that clerk of the disposition of the petition and the date of the order in substantially the form approved by the Supreme Court.

 (c)  If a notice of appeal from an order described in paragraph (b) is filed, then within seven days of service of the notice of appeal, the county agency shall file a praecipe with the clerk of the court where the child was declared dependent using the caption of the dependency proceeding, notifying that clerk of the appeal and the date of its filing in substantially the form approved by the Supreme Court.

 (d)  Within seven days of receiving the appellate court’s disposition of the appeal described in paragraph (c), the county agency shall file a praecipe with the clerk of the court where the child was declared dependent using the caption of the dependency proceeding, notifying that clerk of the disposition of the appeal and the date of the decision in substantially the form approved by the Supreme Court.

Explanatory Comment
   The purpose of the Rule is to provide a procedure for collecting data concerning children who have been declared dependent under the Juvenile Act and placed in the custody of the county agency. The information is entered into the Common Pleas Case Management System-Dependency Module to comply with reporting requirements and to monitor dependent children in the foster care system. Unlike a ‘‘notice,’’ as used in Rule 15.4, the county agency is not required to serve the praecipe upon the parties to the dependency, termination, or adoption proceeding. The definition of ‘‘county agency’’ as used in this Rule is that contained in Pa.R.J.C.P. 1120.

   Pursuant to Rule 1.8 (Forms), the Supreme Court has approved forms for statewide practice to comply with the requirements of this Rule. These forms can be found in the Appendix to these Rules.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.5 rescinded and replaced July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (366188).

Rule 15.6. Filing of Termination Petitions when an Agency is Not Involved.
 Except in cases involving an agency or as otherwise provided by law, a petition to terminate parental rights shall not be granted unless a Report of Intention to Adopt under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2531 or an adoption petition under Rule 15.13 has been filed.

Explanatory Comment
   This Rule implements long-standing Pennsylvania Supreme Court precedent that a parent can petition to terminate the parental rights of the other parent only where there is evidence of a present plan for the child to be adopted by a stepparent or other person. In re Adoption of M.R.D., 145 A.3d 1117, 1120 (Pa. 2016); In re T.R., 465 A.2d 642 (Pa. 1983); In re B.E., 377 A.2d 153 (Pa. 1977). See also In re E.M.I, 57 A.3d 1278 (Pa. Super. 2012); In re Adoption of J.F., 572 A.2d 223 (Pa. Super. 1990). A mere averment in the petition or testimony by the petitioning birth parent is insufficient; instead, evidence must be presented to the court considering the parental rights termination petition that the child’s adoption is intended and foreseeable. However, neither such averments nor evidence are required when a petition has been filed by a parent seeking to involuntarily terminate the parental rights of the other parent pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  2511(a)(7) (relating to a child conceived as a result of a rape or incest). See 23 Pa.C.S. §  2514.

   A Report of Intention to Adopt is required to be filed with the clerk within 30 days of when the child is placed with the non-relative individuals. 23 Pa.C.S. §  2532. In the case of an adoption by one not required to file such a report, see 23 Pa.C.S. §  2531(c), this Rule requires the adoption petition to be filed. If the adoption proceeding will occur in the same judicial district as the hearing on the parental rights termination petition, the court will be able to review the Report of Intention to Adopt or the adoption petition to determine if there are any possible impediments to completing the adoption, which then can be explored and investigated as part of the hearing on the parental rights termination petition.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.6 amended March 19, 2013, effective April 19, 2013 for all termination and adoption petitions filed after that date, 43 Pa.B. 1836; rescinded and replaced July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (366188) to (366189).

Rule 15.7. Voluntary Relinquishment to Agency.
 (a)  Petition. A petition under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2501 to relinquish parental rights and duties with respect to a child who has been in the care of an agency shall contain the following averments:

   (1)  the name, address, age, and racial background of each petitioner;

   (2)  the information required in subparagraph (1) as to any parent who is not a petitioner, including the birth father, presumptive father and putative father, or the reasons why the court should find such information is not necessary;

   (3)  the marital status of the mother as of the time of the child’s birth and during one year prior thereto, and her maiden name;

   (4)  the name, age, date of birth, place of birth, racial background, and gender of the child;

   (5)  the name and address of the agency having care of the child;

   (6)  the date when the child was placed with the agency;

   (7)  the reasons for seeking relinquishment;

   (8)  whether each petitioner has been informed of counseling services concerning the termination of parental rights and the alternatives thereto and provided with a list of qualified counselors and counseling services;

   (9)  whether each petitioner has received any counseling concerning the termination of parental rights and the alternatives thereto and, if so, the name of the organization or qualified counselor providing such counseling services;

   (10)  whether each petitioner has been informed of the opportunity for a birth relative of the child, including the petitioner, to enter into a Contact Agreement with the Prospective Adoptive Parents, once identified;

   (11)  whether the agency’s consent to accept custody of the child until such time as the child is adopted is attached to the petition; and

   (12)  that each petitioner understands the petition, has considered the alternatives, and has executed the petition voluntarily.

 (b)  Exhibits. The following exhibits shall be attached to the petition:

   (1)  Documentation signed by each petitioner as required by 23 Pa.C.S. §  2501(a).

   (2)  A verified statement from a representative of the agency, counsel for the agency, or counsel representing any other party that written notice was provided to the petitioner birth parent regarding the opportunity of a birth relative to enter into a Contact Agreement, that such notice was provided by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address, or by electronic transmission in accordance with Rule 15.4(b)(1)(C), and the date(s) that such notice was given. A copy of the notice shall accompany this verified statement.

   (3)  If, as part of the hearing on the petition, the parental rights of a putative father could be terminated pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503(d), and if written notice of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement has been provided to the putative father in advance of the petition’s filing, a verified statement from a representative of the agency, counsel for the agency, or counsel representing any other party that written notice was provided to the putative father regarding the opportunity of a birth relative to enter into a Contact Agreement, that such notice was provided by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address, or by electronic transmission in accordance with Rule 15.4(b)(1)(C), and the date(s) that such notice was given, or the reasons why such notice cannot be given, including efforts made to identify or locate the subject person. If notice was given, a copy of the notice shall accompany this verified statement.

   (4)  The joinder or consent of the agency having care of the child, including its consent to accept custody of the child until such time as the child is adopted.

 (c)  Hearing and Decree.

   (1)  Notice of the hearing on the petition shall be provided in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503(b), and in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503(d) if the rights of a putative father are to be terminated as part of the same proceeding, and shall be served in accordance with Rule 15.4(b)(1).

   (2)  On or before the hearing, the court shall be presented with a certificate of service stating that notice of the hearing on the petition was given to the petitioner and all others entitled to a copy of the notice in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503 and Rule 15.4(b)(1).

   (3)  The petitioner birth parent voluntarily relinquishing his or her parental rights shall be present at the hearing and available to be examined under oath.

   (4)  If as part of hearing on the petition, the parental rights of a putative father could be terminated pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503(d), and if notice of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement was not provided to the subject putative father prior to the petition’s filing, then on or before the hearing, the court shall be presented with a verified statement from a representative of the agency, counsel for the agency, or counsel representing any other party that written notice was provided to the subject putative father regarding the opportunity of a birth relative to enter into a Contact Agreement, that such notice was provided by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address, or by electronic transmission in accordance with Rule 15.4(b)(1)(C), and the date(s) that such notice was given or the reasons why such notice cannot be given, including efforts made to identify or locate the subject person. If notice was given, a copy of the notice shall accompany this verified statement.

Explanatory Comment
   Section 2733(c) of the Adoption Act requires the agency, the intermediary or an attorney for a party to provide notice of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement to the Prospective Adoptive Parents, a birth parent, and, in some instances, a child. Notice to a birth relative who is not a birth parent is not statutorily required, although birth relatives may enter into and become parties to a Contact Agreement.

   An original birth certificate or certification of registration of the child’s birth must be filed with the clerk by the time of filing the initial petition to terminate parental rights. See Rule 15.3(b).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.7 amended March 3, 1999, effective immediately, 29 Pa.B. 1484; rescinded and replaced July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (366190).

Rule 15.8. Voluntary Relinquishment to Adult Intending to Adopt Child.
 (a)  Petition. A petition under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2502 to relinquish parental rights with respect to a child who has been in the exclusive care of Prospective Adoptive Parents shall contain the following averments:

   (1)  the name, address, age, and racial background of each petitioner;

   (2)  the information required in subparagraph (1) as to any parent who is not a petitioner, including the birth father, presumptive father, and putative father, or the reasons why the court should find such information is not necessary;

   (3)  the marital status of the mother as of the time of the child’s birth and during one year prior thereto, and her maiden name;

   (4)  the name, age, date of birth, place of birth, racial background, and gender of the child;

   (5)  the date when the child was placed with the Prospective Adoptive Parents;

   (6)  the date when the Report of Intention to Adopt was filed;

   (7)  the reasons for seeking relinquishment;

   (8)  whether each petitioner has been informed of counseling services concerning the termination of parental rights and the alternatives thereto and provided with a list of qualified counselors and counseling services;

   (9)  whether each petitioner has received any counseling concerning the termination of parental rights and the alternatives thereto and, if so, the name of the organization or qualified counselor providing such counseling services;

   (10)  whether each petitioner has been informed of the opportunity for a birth relative of the child, including the petitioner, to enter into a Contact Agreement with the Prospective Adoptive Parents;

   (11)  whether a Report of Intention to Adopt under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2531 or an adoption petition under Rule 15.13 has been filed;

   (12)  whether the Prospective Adoptive Parents’ consent to accept custody of the child until such time as the child is adopted is attached to the petition; and

   (13)  that each petitioner understands the petition, has considered the alternatives, and has executed the petition voluntarily.

 (b)  Exhibits. The following exhibits shall be attached to the petition:

   (1)  A verified statement from a representative of the agency or intermediary, counsel for the agency or intermediary, or counsel representing any other party that written notice was provided to the petitioner birth parent regarding the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement, that such notice was provided by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address, or by electronic transmission in accordance with Rule 15.4(b)(1)(C), and the date(s) that such notice was given. A copy of the notice shall accompany this verified statement.

   (2)  If, as part of the hearing on the petition, the parental rights of a putative father could be terminated pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503(d), and if written notice of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement has been provided to the putative father in advance of the petition’s filing, a verified statement from a representative of the agency or intermediary, counsel for the agency or intermediary, or counsel representing any other party that written notice was provided to the putative father regarding the opportunity of a birth relative to enter into a Contact Agreement, that such notice was provided by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address, or by electronic transmission in accordance with Rule 15.4(b)(1)(C), and the date(s) that such notice was given, or the reason(s) why such notice cannot be given, including efforts made to identify or locate the subject person. If notice was given, a copy of the notice shall accompany this verified statement.

   (3)  The signed consents of the Prospective Adoptive Parents to accept custody of the child until such time as the adoption is completed.

 (c)  Hearing and Decree.

   (1)  Notice of the hearing on the petition shall be provided in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503(b), and in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503(d) if the rights of a putative father are to be terminated as part of the same proceeding, and shall be served in accordance with Rule 15.4(b)(1).

   (2)  On or before the hearing, the court shall be presented with a certificate of service stating that notice of the hearing on the petition was given to the petitioner and all others entitled to a copy of the notice in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503 and Rule 15.4(b)(1).

   (3)  The petitioner birth parent voluntarily relinquishing his or her parental rights shall be present at the hearing and available to be examined under oath.

   (4)  If as part of hearing on the petition, the parental rights of a putative father could be terminated pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  2503(d), and if notice of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement was not provided to the subject putative father prior to the petition’s filing, then on or before the hearing, the court shall be presented with a verified statement from a representative of the agency or intermediary, counsel for the agency or intermediary, or counsel representing any other party that written notice was provided to the subject putative father regarding the opportunity of a birth relative to enter into a Contact Agreement, that such notice was provided by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address, or by electronic transmission in accordance with Rule 15.4(b)(1)(C), and the date(s) that such notice was given or the reason(s) why such notice cannot be given, including efforts made to identify or locate the subject person. If notice was given, a copy of the notice shall accompany this verified statement.

Explanatory Comment
   An original birth certificate or certification of registration of the child’s birth must be filed with the clerk by the time of filing the initial petition to terminate parental rights. See Rule 15.3(b). For additional information about notice of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement, see the Explanatory Comment to Rule 15.7.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.8 adopted August 30, 2006, effective September 5, 2006, 36 Pa.B. 5777; amended January 3, 2011, effective in sixty days, 41 Pa.B. 336; rescinded and replaced July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (366190) to (366192).

Rule 15.9. Alternative Procedure for Relinquishment by Confirmation of Consent to Adoption.
 (a)  Petition. A petition under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2504 to confirm the consent to adoption given by a birth parent, presumptive father, or putative father relinquishing parental rights and agreeing to have the child placed for adoption shall contain the following averments:

   (1)  the name, address, age, and racial background of the consenter;

   (2)  the information required in subparagraph (1) as to any parent who has not signed a consent to adoption, including the birth father, presumptive father, and putative father, or the reasons why the court should find such information is not necessary;

   (3)  the marital status of the mother as of the time of the child’s birth and during one year prior thereto, and her maiden name;

   (4)  the name, age, date of birth, place of birth, racial background, and gender of the child;

   (5)  the date when the consent to adoption was executed by the consenter and that the consent was executed in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2711 and 2712;

   (6)  the number of days that have elapsed since the consent to adoption was executed by the consenter;

   (7)  whether the petitioner, counsel for the petitioner, or the agency or intermediary in those cases where the agency or intermediary is not the petitioner, has received any writing from the consenter revoking or attempting to revoke the previously executed consent to adoption;

   (8)  whether the consenter was informed of counseling services concerning the termination of parental rights and the alternatives thereto and provided with a list of qualified counselors and counseling services;

   (9)  whether the consenter received counseling concerning the termination of parental rights and the alternatives thereto and, if so, the name of the organization or qualified counselor providing such counseling services;

   (10)  whether the consenter has been informed of the opportunity for a birth relative of the child, including the consenter, to enter into a Contact Agreement with the Prospective Adoptive Parents, once identified; and

   (11)  whether a consent by the Prospective Adoptive Parents or by the agency to accept custody of the child until such time as the child is adopted is attached to the petition, and if custody is to an individual, whether a Report of Intention to Adopt under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2531 or an adoption petition under Rule 15.13 has been filed.

 (b)  Exhibits. The following exhibits shall be attached to the petition:

   (1)  The original consent(s) to adoption.

   (2)  A verified statement from a representative of the agency or intermediary, counsel for the agency or intermediary, or counsel representing any other party that written notice was provided to the consenter regarding the opportunity of a birth relative to enter into a Contact Agreement, that such notice was provided by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address, or by electronic transmission in accordance with Rule 15.4(b)(2)(C), and the date(s) that such notice was given. A copy of the notice shall accompany this verified statement.

   (3)  If, as part of the hearing on the petition, the parental rights of a putative father could be terminated pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  2504(c), and if written notice of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement has been provided to the putative father in advance of the petition’s filing, a verified statement from a representative of the agency or intermediary, counsel for the agency or intermediary, or counsel representing any other party that written notice was provided to the putative father regarding the opportunity of a birth relative to enter into a Contact Agreement, that such notice was provided by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail postage prepaid, to the last known address, or by electronic transmission in accordance with Rule 15.4(b)(2)(C), and the date(s) on which such notice was given, or the reasons why such notice cannot be given, including efforts made to identify or locate the subject person. If a notice was given, a copy of the notice shall accompany this verified statement.

   (4)  The signed consents of the Prospective Adoptive Parents or agency to accept custody of the child until such time as the adoption is completed.

 (c)  Hearing and Decree.

   (1)  Notice of the hearing on the petition shall be in the form specified in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2513(b) and shall be provided and served in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2504(b) and Rule 15.4(b)(2).

   (2)  On or before the hearing, the court shall be presented with a certificate of service stating that notice of the hearing on the petition was provided in the form specified in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2513(b) and given to the consenter and all others entitled to a copy of the notice in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2504(b) and Rule 15.4(b)(2).

   (3)  If as part of hearing on the petition, the parental rights of a putative father could be terminated pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  2504(c), and if notice of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement was not provided to the subject putative father prior to the petition’s filing, then on or before the hearing, the court shall be presented with a verified statement from a representative of the agency or intermediary, counsel for the agency or intermediary, or counsel representing any other party that written notice was provided to the subject putative father regarding the opportunity of a birth relative to enter into a Contact Agreement, that such notice was provided by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address, or by electronic transmission in accordance with Rule 15.4(b)(2)(C), and the date(s) that such notice was given, or the reason(s) why such notice cannot be given, including efforts made to identify or locate the subject person. If notice was given, a copy of the notice shall accompany this verified statement.

Explanatory Comment
   An original birth certificate or certification of registration of the child’s birth must be filed with the clerk by the time of filing the initial petition to terminate parental rights. See Rule 15.3(b). For additional information about notice of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement, see the Explanatory Comment to Rule 15.7.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.9 adopted January 3, 2011, effective in 60 days, 41 Pa.B. 336; rescinded and replaced July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (366192) to (366195).

Rule 15.10. Involuntary Termination of Parental Rights.
 (a)  Petition. A petition for involuntary termination of parental rights under 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2511-2512 shall contain the following averments:

   (1)  the name and address of the petitioner(s);

   (2)  the basis for the standing asserted by the petitioner(s);

   (3)  the name, age, date of birth, place of birth, racial background, and gender of the child;

   (4)  the name, address, age, and racial background of the birth parents, including the birth father, presumptive father, and putative father;

   (5)  if a birth father, presumptive father or putative father is not identified in subparagraph, whether a claim for paternity has been filed under 23 Pa.C.S. §  5103 (relating to claim of paternity);

   (6)  the marital status of the mother as of the time of the child’s birth and during one year prior thereto, and her maiden name;

   (7)  the date when the child was placed in the care of the petitioner;

   (8)  the date when the child was removed from the parent who is the subject of the petition, if different than the date of placement with the petitioner;

   (9)  specific facts setting forth why the child was voluntarily placed in the custody of an entity or individual or involuntarily removed from the parent who is the subject of the petition;

   (10)  a reference to the applicable subsection(s) of 23 Pa.C.S. §  2511(a) providing the ground(s) for termination and specific facts to support terminating the parental rights of the subject birth parent pursuant to the subsection(s) referenced;

   (11)  whether either parent of the child is entitled to benefits under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act of 1940, as amended (50 U.S.C. § §  3901 et seq.);

   (12)  one of the following:

     (A)   that the parent who is the subject of the petition has been provided with written notice regarding the opportunity for a birth relative of the child, including the subject birth parent, to enter into a Contact Agreement with the Prospective Adoptive Parents, once identified;

     (B)   that such written notice will be given to the subject birth parent prior to the hearing by the agency, intermediary or counsel representing a party; or

     (C)   the reason(s) why such notice cannot be given, including efforts made to identify or locate the subject person.

   (13)  whether a consent by the petitioner, the Prospective Adoptive Parents, or the agency to accept custody of the child until such time as the child is adopted is attached to the petition, and if custody is to an individual, whether a Report of Intention to Adopt under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2531 or an adoption petition under Rule 15.13 has been filed or the reason why such consent or filing is not required by law; and

   (14)  that each petitioner understands the petition and believes its filing to best serve the developmental, physical and emotional needs and welfare of the child.

 (b)  Exhibits. The following exhibits shall be attached to the petition:

   (1)  A verified statement from a representative of the agency or intermediary, counsel for the agency or intermediary, or counsel representing any other party that written notice was provided to the subject birth parent regarding the opportunity of a birth relative to enter into a Contact Agreement, that such notice was provided by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address, or by such other means as provided in Rule 15.4(b)(3)(A)(iii), and the date(s) that such notice was given, or the reason(s) why such notice cannot be given, including efforts made to identify or locate the subject person. If notice was given, a copy of the notice shall accompany this verified statement.

   (2)  Except as otherwise provided by law, the signed consent of the petitioner, the Prospective Adoptive Parents, or the agency to accept custody of the child until such time as the adoption is completed.

 (c)  Hearing and Decree.

   (1)  Notice of the hearing on the petition shall be provided and served in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2513(b) and Rule 15.4(b)(3).

   (2)  On or before the hearing, the court shall be presented with a certificate of service stating that notice of the hearing on the petition was given to the petitioner and all others entitled to a copy of the notice in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2513 and Rule 15.4(b)(3).

   (3)  If notice of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement was not provided to the subject birth parent prior to the petition’s filing, then on or before the hearing, the court shall be presented with a verified statement from a representative of the agency or intermediary, counsel for the agency or intermediary, or counsel representing any other party that written notice was provided to the subject birth parent regarding the opportunity of a birth relative to enter into a Contact Agreement, that such notice was provided by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address, or by such other means as provided in Rule 15.4(b)(3)(A)(iii), and the date(s) that such notice was given or the reason(s) why such notice cannot be given, including efforts made to identify or locate the subject person. If notice was given, a copy of the notice shall accompany this verified statement.

 (d)  Appointment of Counsel.

   (1)  Child. In accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2313(a), the court shall appoint counsel to represent the child in an involuntary termination proceeding when the proceeding is contested by one or both parents. If the court determines that the child requires counsel to represent both the best interests and legal interests of the child, the court shall determine on the record whether counsel can represent both interests without conflict before appointing an individual to serve as both guardian ad litem and counsel for the child.

   (2)  Parent. In accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2313(a.1), the court shall appoint counsel for a parent whose rights are subject to termination in an involuntary termination proceeding if, upon petition of the parent, the court determines that the parent is unable to pay for counsel or that payment would result in a substantial financial hardship.

Explanatory Comment
   An original birth certificate or certification of registration of the child’s birth must be filed with the clerk by the time of filing the initial petition to terminate parental rights. See Rule 15.3(b).

   If the petitioner is an agency, Prospective Adoptive Parents need not have been identified prior to the agency’s filing of a petition to involuntarily terminate parental rights. Also, an averment of a present intent to adopt the child is not required if the petitioner is an agency. Where petitioner is an individual, see Rule 15.6. Neither the averments nor evidence set forth in subdivisions (a)(13) and (b)(2) are required when the petition has been filed by a parent seeking to involuntarily terminate the parental rights of the other parent pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  2511(a)(7) (relating to a child conceived as a result of a rape or incest). See 23 Pa.C.S. §  2514.

   Section 2733(c) of the Adoption Act requires the agency or intermediary, counsel representing the agency or intermediary, or counsel representing any other party to provide notice to the Prospective Adoptive Parents, birth parents, and, in some instances, a child of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement. The statute does not require notice to birth relatives who are not the birth parents, although birth relatives may enter into and become parties to a Contact Agreement.

   It is understood that County Agencies may be encouraged early in the process, even during dependency proceedings, to give notice to a birth parent of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement. Requiring the verified statement to set forth the specific date(s) as to when notice was given is only to further ensure that the particular notice was given and not to suggest that providing this notice is time sensitive and expires after a certain time.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.10 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267; amended September 30, 2024, effective January 1, 2025, 54 Pa.B. 6418. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (409801) to (409804).

Rule 15.11. Notice of Right to File Statement of Medical, Personal, or Social History Information.
 The clerk, in accordance with Rule 4.6, shall transmit the decree of termination to the parent whose rights are terminated or to counsel for that parent, if represented. In that mailing, the clerk shall include a reference to information and instructions for the parent to file with the clerk and with the Department medical, personal, or social history information and to update the information filed, whether or not the medical condition is in existence or discoverable at the time of adoption. The clerk shall also include a reference to information and instructions to redact the birth parent’s name from the child’s original birth certificate.

Explanatory Comment
   The clerk may include in the mailing to the birth parent or birth parent’s counsel any forms promulgated by the Department, any forms promulgated by the Department of Health, and any forms adopted by local rule, including forms authorizing the release of information, withholding authorization to release information, or revoking any prior authorization to release information.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.11 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267.

Rule 15.12. Court Review and Approval of Contact Agreement.
 (a)  Time and Filing. An executed proposed agreement for post-adoption contact and communication signed by the Prospective Adoptive Parents and any birth relatives (‘‘the proposed agreement’’) must be appended to a petition requesting the court to approve the proposed agreement.

   (1)  If Prospective Adoptive Parents have been identified by the time of the hearing terminating the parental rights of the parent whose birth relative is a party to the proposed agreement, the proposed agreement may be presented by separate petition to the same court that has or will conduct the hearing on the petition to terminate parental rights, and if not then presented, the proposed agreement shall be presented by petition to the court that will be presented with the adoption petition.

   (2)  If Prospective Adoptive Parents are identified after the time of the hearing to terminate parental rights, the proposed agreement shall be presented by separate petition to the court that will be presented with the adoption petition.

   (3)  The petition to approve the proposed agreement may be filed by the agency or intermediary, any party to the proposed agreement, or by the guardian ad litem appointed to represent the child.

 (b)  Petition to Approve a Contact Agreement. A petition to approve the proposed agreement under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2735 shall contain averments setting forth the following specific and material facts, to the extent known to the petitioner:

   (1)  the age and birth date of the child;

   (2)  if the child has attained 12 years of age, whether the child signed a written consent agreeing to the proposed agreement or signed the proposed agreement as evidence of his or her consent;

   (3)  whether the child has been represented by a guardian ad litem;

   (4)  whether a guardian ad litem is required to be appointed under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2733(b), and if so, whether such guardian ad litem has been appointed for any of the child’s minor siblings;

   (5)  the length of time that the child has been under the care, custody and control of an individual other than a birth parent, even if such individual is other than the Prospective Adoptive Parents;

   (6)  the circumstances under which the child became freed for adoption, including the name of the judge who terminated parental rights if the petition and proposed agreement are not being presented to the court that heard the termination of parental rights petition or confirmation of consent petition;

   (7)  the length of time that the child has been in the care and custody of the Prospective Adoptive Parents;

   (8)  whether the proposed agreement will impact the child’s adjustment to the home, school and community of the Prospective Adoptive Parents;

   (9)  the names of any other persons who are not parties to the proposed agreement but who routinely would be present when the birth relatives who are parties to the proposed agreement have contact or communications with the child and the child’s interaction and relationship with such other persons;

   (10)  the willingness and ability of the signatory birth relatives to respect and appreciate the bond between the child and Prospective Adoptive Parents;

   (11)  the willingness and ability of the Prospective Adoptive Parents to respect and appreciate the bond between the child and the birth relatives who are parties to the proposed agreement;

   (12)  whether the petitioner is aware of any evidence or substantiated allegation that the child has been abused or neglected by the birth relatives who are parties to the proposed agreement; and

   (13)  that each petitioner has read and understands the petition and believes its filing and the proposed agreement to be in the best interests of the child.

 (c)  Exhibits. The following exhibits shall be attached to the petition:

   (1)  A copy of the proposed agreement signed by the Prospective Adoptive Parents and the involved birth relatives;

   (2)  The child’s signed consent if required under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2734; and

   (3)  Affidavits of all parties to the proposed agreement affirmatively stating that the proposed agreement was entered into knowingly and voluntarily and is not the product of coercion, fraud, or duress. The affidavits may be executed jointly or separately.

 (d)  Service of Petition.

   (1)  The petitioner shall mail a copy of the petition with exhibits and a notice that any responsive pleading must be filed with the clerk within 10 days from the date indicated on the petition or notice letter, whichever is later, to the following:

     (A)   all parties to the proposed agreement or their counsel, if represented;

     (B)   the individual or entity having custody of the child at the time of the petition’s filing;

     (C)   the child if he or she signed a separate written consent agreeing to the proposed agreement or signed the proposed agreement as evidence of his or her consent, or his or her attorney if acting as counsel;

     (D)   the child’s guardian ad litem if one has been appointed; and any minor sibling who signed a separate written consent agreeing to the proposed agreement or signed the proposed agreement as evidence of his or her consent, or his or her attorney if acting as counsel, or his or her guardian ad litem if one has been appointed.

   (2)  A certificate of service shall be appended to the petition or filed separately and contemporaneously with the filing of the petition, stating the date when the petition with exhibits and the notice for filing a timely responsive pleading was mailed by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to those listed in subparagraphs (1)(A)—(1)(D), as applicable.

 (e)  Guardian ad litem. Upon its own motion, or if requested by the petitioner or by any previously appointed guardian ad litem, the court shall appoint a new guardian ad litem or reappoint any prior guardians ad litem for any or all of the following:

   (1)  the child if one is not currently serving; and

   (2)  any minor siblings of the child entitled to be represented by a guardian ad litem pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  2733(b).

 (f)  Court Review and Approval; Necessity of a Hearing and Notice of the Hearing.

   (1)  If, upon a review of the petition and the attached exhibits, the court determines that the proposed agreement is in the best interest of the child, the court may issue a decree approving the proposed agreement attached to the petition, provided, however, that any such decree shall not be issued less than 10 days after the date of service unless all of those entitled to notice under subparagraph (d)(1) of this Rule have signed consents, joined in the petition, or waived in writing the notice required herein.

   (2)  The court shall schedule and conduct a closed hearing under any one of the following circumstances:

     (A)   upon a review of the petition and the attached exhibits, the court cannot determine if the proposed agreement is in the best interest of the child;

     (B)   any person receiving notice of the filing of the petition under subparagraph (d)(1) files a responsive pleading in opposition to the petition; or

     (C)   for any other reason within the court’s discretion.

   (3)  Notice of the Hearing. The petitioner shall provide notice of the scheduled hearing to the same parties entitled to notice under subparagraph (d)(1) of this Rule and any other individual or entity that the court directs to receive notice.

     (A)   Notice of the hearing need not comport with the requirements of Rule 15.4. Notice of the hearing may be sent by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, by electronic transmission, or by whatever other means will effectively inform everyone entitled to notice of the date, time, and place of the hearing.

     (B)   A certificate of service shall be presented to the court at the time of the hearing. The certificate of service shall indicate the method of notice and shall have attached thereto a copy of the notice, any affidavit by one who made personal service, any receipt cards for service sent by registered or certified mail, and any electronic receipt confirmation for service sent by electronic transmission.

 (g)  Court Decree. The court shall review and grant or deny the petition to approve the proposed agreement on or before the date of any adoption decree issued in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2902.

Explanatory Comment
   Although agreements providing for post-adoption contact and communication may be negotiated and entered without anyone seeking judicial approval, the court will enforce and provide remedies only for those agreements that receive court approval on or before the date when the adoption is finalized. See 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2735(c), 2738(c)(2).

   Discussions about post-adoption contact and communication agreements should begin as early as possible, especially once all the necessary parties are identified. To this end, the courts can review and approve a proposed agreement for post-adoption contact and communication at any time after termination of parental rights and prior to finalization of the adoption. If practical, a hearing on the petition to approve an executed proposed agreement may be conducted immediately following a hearing to terminate parental rights by the same judge who presided over the termination hearing. This Rule establishes where the petition to approve the proposed agreement may be filed depending upon whether Prospective Adoptive Parents have been identified by the time of the hearing to terminate parental rights.

   Section 2735 of the Adoption Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  2735, does not indicate who is responsible for filing the petition seeking court approval of the proposed agreement for post-adoption contact and communication. The Orphans’ Court Procedural Rules Committee decided not to require a particular party to file the requisite petition in all instances, but rather, to allow the individuals to the proposed agreement and the agency or intermediary facilitating the negotiation and development of the proposed agreement to determine who should be responsible for drafting and filing the petition depending upon the resources and circumstances of all those involved.

   Section 2735 of the Adoption Act, 23 Pa.C.S. §  2735, does not require a hearing in order for the court to approve the proposed agreement, and the Orphans’ Court Procedural Rules Committee decided not to impose an evidentiary hearing requirement in all instances. Nevertheless, given that one who has not attained the age of 18 cannot attest to a notary that he or she executed or consented to a proposed agreement voluntarily, knowingly, without coercion, fraud or duress, best practices would be for the court to conduct its own inquiry whenever a child or any of the child’s minor siblings signed a separate consent agreeing to the proposed agreement or signed the proposed agreement as evidence of such consent. At such hearing, the court can ensure that any individual who is a minor consented to or signed the proposed agreement voluntarily and fully understands the terms of the proposed agreement. Because section 2738(c)(3) of the Adoption Act, 23 Pa.C.S §  2738(c)(3), requires a child who has attained 12 years of age to consent to the proposed agreement, best practices would be to conduct an evidentiary hearing in these situations.

   The court must find, either by reviewing the petition and exhibits or by conducting an evidentiary hearing, the proposed agreement, as submitted, is in the child’s best interests. Since the statute does not specify the standard of proof, this question will have to be determined by developing case law. Section 2734 does specify that the proposed agreement may not be enforced unless the child who has attained 12 years of age at the time of the agreement’s execution consents to the proposed agreement, thereby suggesting that a proposed agreement cannot be found to be in the best interests of a child who has attained 12 years of age and refuses to consent to the proposed agreement.

   If the court finalizing the adoption will be different from the court that approved the Contact Agreement, the Contact Agreement must be filed with the clerk of the court that signs and enters the adoption decree under 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2902, 2907. Neither the statute nor these Rules impose that obligation on any one of the signatories to the Contact Agreement, except as provided in Rule 15.13.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.12 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267.

Rule 15.13. Adoption.
 (a)  Petition. A petition for adoption under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2701 shall contain the following averments:

   (1)  the name, current address, any other addresses for the past five years, marital status, age, occupation, racial background and religious affiliation of the petitioners;

   (2)  the name of the adoptee as it appears on the birth certificate or certification of registration of the child’s birth;

   (3)  the relationship, if any, of the petitioners to the adoptee;

   (4)  whether the adoptee has resided with the petitioners, and if so, the length of time that adoptee has so resided with the petitioners;

   (5)  the name and address of the intermediary, if any;

   (6)  whether the home study and preplacement report under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2530, the Report of an Intention to Adopt under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2531, and the Report of Intermediary under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2533 have been filed;

   (7)  if there is no intermediary, if no Report of the Intermediary has been or will be filed, or if the adoptee has attained 18 years of age, all vital statistics and other information required in the Report of the Intermediary, so far as is applicable;

   (8)  whether the original birth certificate or certification of registration of the child’s birth has been filed with the clerk where the adoption petition is being filed, and if not whether a birth certificate or certification of registration of the child’s birth is attached to the petition as an exhibit, and if not previously filed or attached, the reason why it is has not been filed or is not attached, the efforts made to obtain the birth certificate or certification of registration of the child’s birth, and evidence available to establish a date and place of the adoptee’s birth;

   (9)  whether all the consents required by 23 Pa.C.S. §  2711 are attached to the petition as exhibits;

   (10)  whether the criminal history records information and child abuse clearance certificate for each Prospective Adoptive Parent prepared in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  6344(b), (d)(1) are attached to the petition as exhibits;

   (11)  whether there are any court orders that remain in effect as of the date of the petition’s filing and which:

     (A)   terminate parental rights of any birth parent, presumptive father, or putative father of the adoptee;

     (B)   establish rights of guardianship or custody of the adoptee in any person or entity other than the birth parent; or

     (C)   establish or set forth any special conditions concerning placement, custody, guardianship, or adoption of the adoptee;

   (12)  whether there has been compliance with the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children if 62 P.S. § §  761 et seq. applies to this placement;

   (13)  if any of the reports or exhibits listed in subparagraphs (a)(6)—(a)(12) have not been filed or are not attached to the petition, specific averments explaining why such reports have not been filed or exhibits have not been attached and the reasons showing cause why the court may enter a decree of adoption under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2901, notwithstanding the absence of all legal requirements having been met;

   (14)  whether the Prospective Adoptive Parents and the minor adoptee, if required by 23 Pa.C.S. §  2733(c), have been informed of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement with any of the minor adoptee’s birth relatives;

   (15)  if an agreement for post-adoption contact and communication has been negotiated and executed by the Prospective Adoptive Parents and one of more birth relatives, an averment of one of the following, as applicable:

     (A)   the date of the order and the name of the court approving the Contact Agreement and that the Contact Agreement and court order are attached as exhibits to the petition; or

     (B)   a petition to approve the executed proposed agreement for post-adoption contact and communication has been submitted and is pending before the court or is being filed under a separate petition simultaneously with the filing of this petition;

   (16)  whether the adoptee will retain his or her given birth name or the adoptee’s proposed new name if a name change is desired;

   (17)  that the petitioners desire to have a ‘‘parent-child’’ relationship established between the petitioners and the adoptee; and

   (18)  that each petitioner has read and understands the petition and believes the adoptee’s needs and welfare will be promoted by the adoption.

 (b)  Exhibits. Unless the petition contains averments explaining why an exhibit is not attached, the following exhibits shall be attached to the petition:

   (1)  Unless previously filed with the clerk where the adoption petition is being filed, a birth certificate or certification of registration of the child’s birth.

   (2)  The consents required by 23 Pa.C.S. §  2711, as applicable.

   (3)  Unless previously filed, the Report of the Intermediary with the exhibits required under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2534.

   (4)  The criminal history records information and child abuse clearance certificate for each Prospective Adoptive Parent prepared in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  6344(b).

   (5)  Copies of any court orders referenced in subparagraph (a)(11).

   (6)  Written approval by the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children if 62 P.S. § §  761 et seq. applies to this placement.

   (7)  A verified statement from a representative of the agency or intermediary, counsel representing the agency or intermediary, or counsel representing any other party that written notice was provided to the Prospective Adoptive Parents and to the minor adoptee, if required by 23 Pa.C.S. §  2733(c), regarding the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement, that such notice was provided by hand delivery, by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address, or by electronic transmission in accordance with Rule 15.4(b)(1)(C), and the date(s) that such notice was provided. A copy of the notice shall accompany this verified statement.

   (8)  If previously approved, the Contact Agreement and the court order approving the Contact Agreement.

 (c)  Notice or Consent—Parents of Child.

   (1)  Notice of the hearing on the petition for adoption shall be given to the birth parent, putative father, and presumptive father in accordance with Rule 15.4 unless the parental rights of such birth parent, putative father, or presumptive father were terminated in a prior proceeding.

   (2)  If, as part of the adoption hearing, the petitioners are seeking court approval of an executed proposed agreement for post-adoption contact and communication, the petitioner shall mail a copy of the petition to approve the proposed agreement and the accompanying exhibits in accordance with subparagraph (d)(1) of Rule 15.12 to the individuals and entities therein listed, shall file a certificate of service as provided in subparagraph (d)(2) of Rule 15.12, and shall provide notice of the adoption hearing to these individuals and entities as provided in subparagraph (f)(3) of Rule 15.12.

 (d)  Investigation. A petition for adoption shall be subject to investigation as prescribed by local rules. The investigation report shall cover the matters alleged in the petition, any other matters that may affect the welfare of the adoptee, and the information required by 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2535 and 2724.

 (e)  Hearing. The court shall schedule a hearing to allow for testimony pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2721—2724. Petitioner(s) and the adoptee shall appear at the hearing. After a hearing, if the court determines that the adoption can be granted, the court shall enter a decree conforming to the requirements of 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2901-2902, 2904.

   (1)  If the petition for adoption contains averments requesting that the court waive a statutory requirement of the Adoption Act, the court shall determine if the petitioner has shown cause for failing to meet the statutory requirement and has demonstrated that the adoptee’s needs and welfare nevertheless will be best served by entering a decree of adoption.

   (2)  At the hearing on the petition for adoption, there shall be offered in evidence a report, verified by the petitioners or counsel, setting forth the amount of fees and expenses paid or to be paid to counsel, and any other fees, costs and expenses paid or to be paid to an intermediary or to any other person or entity, in connection with the adoption. The court may request an itemization of any of the amounts reported.

 (f)  Adult—Change of Name. When the person to be adopted is over the age of 18 years and desires to assume the surname of the adopting parents, evidence showing compliance with the law relating to change of name must be introduced before a decree will be made. See 54 Pa.C.S. §  702.

Explanatory Comment
   The court, in its discretion, can dispense with any statutory requirement of the Adoption Act for cause shown. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  2901. As a result, if petitioner is unable to satisfy all the prerequisites or attach all the exhibits required by the Adoption Act, the adoption petition should not be dismissed summarily. Rather, the petitioner should be afforded an opportunity to demonstrate why a statutory requirement has not or cannot be met and why the proposed adoptee’s best interests nevertheless are served by granting the adoption petition. In re Adoption of R.B.F. and R.C.F., 803 A.2d 1195 (Pa. 2002). If, upon reviewing the petition’s averments as to why a statutory requirement should be waived, the court determines that cause has been demonstrated, the court can grant the relief requested and dispense with the relevant statutory requirement without conducting a hearing. However, if the court is not inclined to waive the pertinent statutory requirement, the petitioner is entitled to a hearing and an opportunity to present evidence in support of the averments in the petition. See In re Adoption of R.B.F. and R.C.F.

   Subparagraph (c)(1) of this Rule applies if a parent’s parental rights are being terminated as part of the hearing on the adoption petition. In such cases, the birth parent, putative father, or presumptive father whose rights are being terminated must receive notice of the adoption hearing in accordance with Rule 15.4. On the other hand, such persons do not need to be notified of the adoption hearing if (i) he or she previously consented to the adoption and his or her consent was confirmed by the court as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2504 and Rule 15.9; (ii) he or she previously relinquished his or her parental rights as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2501, 2502 and Rule 15.7 or Rule 15.8 as applicable; or (iii) his or her parental rights were involuntarily terminated by the court as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2511 et seq. and Rule 15.10.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.13 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267.

Rule 15.14. Registration of Foreign Adoption Decree.
 (a)  Adopting parents may petition the court in the county of their residence to register a foreign adoption decree so that it will be given full and final effect in this Commonwealth. The petition and final decrees shall be in substantially the form approved by the Supreme Court. See Appendix of Forms to these Rules. As part of the Petition to Register Foreign Adoption Decree, an adopted child’s name may be changed from that appearing on the foreign adoption decree if the adopted child has not yet attained 12 years of age.

 (b)  A foreign adoption decree previously registered or otherwise finalized by a court of this Commonwealth or of any other state may not be registered subsequently in another court of this Commonwealth.

 (c)  If the court determines that the foreign adoption decree can be registered, the court shall sign the final decree and shall direct the clerk to enter the date of the foreign adoption decree and identify the foreign court on the docket. The clerk shall send Form No. HD01273F, Certificate of Adoption of a Foreign-Born Child, and Form No. HD01275F, Statement of Citizenship and Residency, to the Department of Health, Division of Vital Records, along with a copy of U.S. Government Form N-560, Certificate of Citizenship, or a copy of the child’s United States passport, or both, if the documents have been provided by the adopting parents. The clerk shall issue to the adopting parents a certificate of adoption in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2907.

 (d)  If the court determines that the foreign adoption decree cannot be registered, the adopting parents shall proceed as applicable under the provisions set forth in the Adoption Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2101 et seq., Rule 15.15 (specific to the adoption of a foreign born child), and local rules.

 (e)  Adopting parents who are eligible to register the foreign adoption decree under this Rule may, for any reason, proceed under Rule 15.15.

Explanatory Comment
   Pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  2908(b), as amended by Act 96 of 2006, a set of forms, consisting of a Petition to Register Foreign Adoption Decree, Final Decrees approving and denying the Petition, and detailed Instructions for the pro se petitioners are set forth in the Appendix to these Rules.

   The petition should be filed with the clerk of the Orphans’ Court, except in Philadelphia County, where it should be filed with the clerk of the Family Court Division. The petition and accompanying documents, including the final decree, are confidential and should be impounded and withheld from public inspection as provided in the Adoption Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2906, 2907, 2908(f), and 2911—2937 and Rule 15.21.

   The clerk shall make available to petitioner(s) the necessary Department of Health, Division of Vital Records forms: Form No. HD01273F, Certificate of Adoption of a Foreign-Born Child; and Form No. HD01275F, Statement of Citizenship and Residency.

   A change of name from that appearing on the foreign adoption decree is permitted without the need to comply with the procedures of 54 Pa.C.S. §  702 if the adopted child is younger than 12 years of age. Cf. 23 Pa.C.S. §  2711(a)(1). If the foreign born adopted child is 12 years of age or older, then the adopted child and parent(s) either may proceed under Rule 15.15 or follow the procedures set forth in 54 Pa.C.S. §  702. In this latter situation, the adopted child and parent(s) would not be foreclosed by 54 Pa.C.S. §  702(b)(5)(ii) because the name change petition would not be in connection with any adoption proceeding as the foreign adoption is full and final and therefore completed.

   A foreign born child who has been issued an IR-2, IR-3 or IH-3 United States Visa has had the adoption proceeding fully completed in the foreign country and the foreign adoption decree only needs to be registered here to be given the full force and effect of an adoption decree issued by this Commonwealth. However, situations may arise that necessitate proceeding under Rule 15.15 even though the foreign born child has been issued an IR-2, IR-3 or IH-3 United States Visa, such as the inclusion of an incorrect birth year on the foreign adoption decree, or other personal family reasons. Proceeding under Rule 15.15 is permitted; Rule 15.14 is not the exclusive means to obtain a Pennsylvania adoption decree and birth certificate for a foreign born adopted child.

   Only one court, whether in this Commonwealth or another state, should exercise jurisdiction over the foreign adoption decree. Thus, if the foreign adoption decree has been registered or otherwise finalized in another state court, the adopting parents need not and should not register the foreign adoption decree in this Commonwealth under this Rule. In similar fashion, if the foreign adoption decree has been registered in this Commonwealth, and thereafter, another petitioner in this Commonwealth seeks to adopt this adopted individual, the subsequent proceeding will be a proceeding under the applicable provisions of the Adoption Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2101 et seq. Such a situation could occur when the adopted child is to be adopted by a stepparent after divorce or death of the original adopting parents, or when, after termination of parental rights, the adopted child is to be adopted by Prospective Adoptive Parents different than the original adopting parents.

   If the court determines that the foreign adoption is not a full and final adoption because the foreign born child has been issued an IH-4 or IR-4 Visa, the adopting parent(s) shall proceed under subdivision (d) of this Rule. See also Rule 15.15.

   Notice of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement is not required to be given to the birth parent(s) of a foreign born adopted child if such adopted child has been issued an IR-2, IR-3, or IH-3 United States Visa because the adoption was completed in the native country of the foreign born adopted child pursuant to the laws and rules of that country. Under Rule 15.14, the court is merely registering the foreign adoption decree, which evidences a completed adoption, and giving it the full force and effect of a Pennsylvania adoption.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.14 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267.

Rule 15.15. Petition for Adoption of a Foreign Born Child.
 (a)  General Rule. Prospective Adoptive Parents or adopting parents who are residents of the Commonwealth may petition the court in any county as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2302 to proceed with an adoption of their foreign born child who has entered the United States pursuant to an IR-2, IR-3, IH-3, IR-4 or IH-4 United States Visa.

 (b)  Required Documents. The following documents shall be filed in the following order with the clerk:

   (1)  Preliminary Decree;

   (2)  Final Decree;

   (3)  Petition for Adoption of a Foreign Born Child with a verification signed by the petitioners stating that the facts set forth therein are true and correct under penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904;

   (4)  Copy of United States Visa;

   (5)  Reports of investigations, home studies, preplacement and postplacement;

   (6)  Copy of birth certificate of foreign born child (if available), with an English translation for those birth certificates not in English, certified by the translator to be a true and correct translation;

   (7)  Copy of any other relevant foreign decrees and documents with an English translation for those decrees and documents not in English, certified by the translator to be a true and correct translation;

   (8)  Consents of any person or agency having custody or legal or physical rights to the child;

   (9)  Report of Intermediary (if an intermediary was involved) with a verification signed by the intermediary stating that the facts set forth therein are true and correct under penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904;

   (10)  Pennsylvania Department of Health, Division of Vital Records Form No. HD01273F, Certificate of Adoption of a Foreign-Born Child with Parts 1 and 2 (and Part 3, if applicable) completed;

   (11)  Pennsylvania Department of Health, Division of Vital Records Form No. HD01275F, Statement of Citizenship and Residency; and

   (12)  A copy of U.S. Government Form N-560, Certificate of Citizenship, or a copy of the child’s United States passport, or both, if the documents are available.

 (c)  Form of Documents. The Preliminary Decree, Final Decree, Petition for Adoption of a Foreign Born Child, and Report of Intermediary (if applicable) shall be in substantially the form approved by the Supreme Court. See Appendix of Forms to these Rules.

 (d)  Judicial Review and Hearing.

   (1)  Scope of Review. The petition and accompanying documents filed under this Rule shall be subject to review by the court as prescribed by the Pennsylvania Adoption Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2101 et seq., Pennsylvania Orphans’ Court Rules and local rules.

   (2)  Home Study and Investigation. The court may rely in whole or in part upon a home study containing information required by 23 Pa.C.S. §  2530(b) and an investigative report containing information required by 23 Pa.C.S. §  2535(b) previously commissioned in the foreign adoption proceeding without regard to when such reports were prepared. The court may in its discretion require additional reports and investigations to be made in accordance with the Pennsylvania Adoption Act and local rules.

   (3)  Original Documents, Decrees and Translations. All original documents, decrees and translations must be available for review by the court upon request.

   (4)  Pre-adoption Requirements. In order to grant an adoption, the court must be satisfied that the pre-adoption requirements set forth in 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2530—2535 have been met. If the Prospective Adoptive Parents or adopting parents were Pennsylvania residents at the time that the United States Visa was issued to the foreign born child, the court may accept an IH or IR United States Visa as proof that the pre-adoption requirements have been met.

   (5)  Proof that the Child is an Orphan. In order to grant an adoption, the court must be satisfied that the adoptee is an orphan. The court may accept the IH or IR United States Visa of the child as proof that the foreign born child is an orphan.

   (6)  Hearing. The court shall schedule a hearing to allow for testimony pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2721—2724. Petitioners and the adoptee or adopted child shall appear at the hearing. The court may in its discretion require the presence of additional persons, including a representative of the intermediary.

 (e)  Disclosure of Fees and Costs. At the hearing on the petition for adoption, there shall be offered in evidence a report, verified by the petitioners or counsel, setting forth the amount of fees, expenses, and costs paid or to be paid to counsel, and any other fees, costs and expenses paid or to be paid to an intermediary or to any other person or entity, in connection with the adoption of the foreign born adoptee or adopted child. The court may request an itemization of any of the amounts reported.

 (f)  Final Decree. After the hearing, the court shall determine if the adoption of the foreign born child can be granted, and if so, the court shall enter a decree as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2902.

 (g)  Clerk of the Appropriate Court. Upon the filing of a decree granting the adoption under this Rule, the clerk shall enter the decree and date of the decree on the docket. The clerk shall send Form No. HD01273F, Certificate of Adoption of a Foreign-Born Child, and Form No. HD01275F, Statement of Citizenship and Residency, to the Department of Health, Division of Vital Records, along with a copy of U.S. Government Form N-560, Certificate of Citizenship, or a copy of the child’s United States passport, or both, if the documents have been provided by the Prospective Adoptive Parents or adopting parent(s). The clerk shall issue to the Prospective Adoptive Parents or adopting parent(s) a certificate of adoption in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2907.

 (h)  Only One Court May Assume Jurisdiction. Prospective Adoptive Parents or adopting parent(s) shall not proceed under this Rule if the foreign adoption has been registered or otherwise finalized by a court of this Commonwealth or any other state.

Explanatory Comment
   Pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  2908(e), as amended by Act 96 of 2006, a set of forms, consisting of a Petition for Adoption of a Foreign Born Child, Report of Intermediary, Preliminary Decree, and Final Decree are set forth in the Appendix to these Rules.

   In most instances, the adopting parent(s) of a foreign born adopted child who has entered the United States with an IR-2, IR-3 or IH-3 United States Visa will not need to proceed under Rule 15.15, but can register the foreign adoption decree pursuant to Rule 15.14. Situations may arise, though, that necessitate proceeding under this Rule, such as the inclusion of an incorrect birth year on the foreign adoption decree, or other personal family reasons. In these situations, adopting parent(s) of a foreign born adopted child entering the United States with an IR-2, IR-3, or IH-3 United States Visa may proceed under Rule 15.15; however, adopting parent(s) should be advised by counsel of the additional costs, additional documentation required, and the delay caused by the need for a hearing.

   If a foreign born adoptee has entered the United States with an IH-4 or IR-4 United States Visa, the Prospective Adoptive Parents must proceed under Rule 15.15.

   Only one state court, whether in this Commonwealth or another state, should exercise jurisdiction over the registration of the foreign adoption decree or the completion of the adoption initiated in the native country of the foreign born child. Thus, if the adoption has been finalized or the foreign adoption decree has been registered in another state court or in another court within this Commonwealth, the adopting parents need not and should not proceed under this Rule. In similar fashion, if the adoption of the foreign born adopted child has been finalized in this Commonwealth, and thereafter, another petitioner seeks to adopt this adopted individual, the subsequent proceeding will be a proceeding under the applicable provisions of the Adoption Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2101 et seq. Such a situation could occur when the adopted child is to be adopted by a stepparent after divorce or death of the original adopting parents, or when, after termination of parental rights, the adopted child is to be adopted by Prospective Adoptive Parents different than the adopting parents.

   The documents referenced in Rule 15.15 should be filed with the clerk of the Orphans’ Court, except in Philadelphia County, where they should be filed with the clerk of the Family Court Division. The petition and accompanying documents under this Rule, including the decree granting the adoption, are confidential and should be impounded and withheld from public inspection as provided in the Adoption Act, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2906, 2907, 2908(f), and 2911—2937 and Rule 15.21.

   The clerk shall make available to the petitioners the necessary Department of Health, Division of Vital Records forms: Form No. HD01273F, Certificate of Adoption of a Foreign-Born Child; and Form No. HD01275F, Statement of Citizenship and Residency.

   Notice of the opportunity to enter into a Contact Agreement is not required to be given to the birth parent(s) of a foreign born child under either Rule 15.14 or Rule 15.15. If the adopted child has been issued an IR-2, IR-3, or IH-3 United States Visa, then the adoption has been completed in the native country of the foreign born adopted child pursuant to the laws and rules of that country. If the foreign born child has been issued an IR-4 or IH-4 United States Visa, then the child has been determined to be an orphan and the parental rights of the child’s parents have been terminated pursuant to the laws of the child’s native country. The child thus has no legal parents to receive notice. See Rule 15.15(d)(5).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.15 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267.

Rule 15.16. Notice and Service in Subsequent Petitions Regarding Contact Agreements.
 (a)  Service of the Petition.

   (1)  The petitioner shall mail by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid a copy of any petition to modify, enforce, or discontinue the Contact Agreement and a notice that a responsive pleading must be filed with the clerk within 20 days from the date indicated on the petition or notice letter, whichever is later, to the following:

     (A)   all parties to the Contact Agreement;

     (B)   the adopted child who is the subject of the Contact Agreement if he or she has attained 12 years of age at the time of the petition’s filing;

     (C)   any sibling of the adopted child who has continuing contact or communication with the adopted child under the terms of the Contact Agreement; and

     (D)   all counsel who entered an appearance for any party, including appearing as counsel or guardian ad litem for the adopted child, in the proceeding to approve the Contact Agreement or who have filed an entry of an appearance in the current proceeding.

   (2)  A certificate of service shall be appended to the petition or filed separately and contemporaneously with the filing of the petition, stating the date when the petition and the notice for filing a timely responsive pleading was mailed by first-class, United States mail, postage prepaid, to those listed in subparagraphs (1)(A)—(1)(D), as applicable.

 (b)  Service of Notice of the Hearing on the Petition.

   (1)  The petitioner shall provide notice of any scheduled hearing on a petition to modify, enforce, or discontinue the Contact Agreement to the same parties entitled to notice under subparagraph (a)(1) of this Rule and any other individual or entity that the court directs to receive notice.

   (2)  Notice of the hearing need not comport with the requirements of Rule 15.4, and notice of the hearing may be sent by first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, by electronic transmission, or by whatever other means will effectively inform everyone entitled to notice of the date, time, and place of the hearing.

   (3)  A certificate of service shall be presented to the court at the time of the hearing. The certificate of service shall indicate the method of notice and shall have attached thereto a copy of the notice, any affidavit by one who made personal service, any receipt cards for service sent by registered or certified mail, and any electronic receipt confirmation for service sent by electronic transmission.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.16 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267.

Rule 15.17. Petition to Modify a Contact Agreement.
 (a)  General rule. By filing a petition under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2737 with the court that entered the adoption decree, the adopting parents or the adopted child, if he or she has attained 12 years of age, may seek to modify the Contact Agreement.

 (b)  Contents of petition to modify. The petition to modify the Contact Agreement shall set forth specific averments to establish the following facts:

   (1)  the age and birth date of the adopted child;

   (2)  the date when the court approved the Contact Agreement and that such date was on or before the date of the adoption decree;

   (3)  whether the adopted child was then represented by a guardian ad litem;

   (4)  whether the adopted child either signed a separate written consent agreeing to the Contact Agreement or signed the Contact Agreement as evidence of his or her consent, or that the adopted child had not attained 12 years of age at the time of the execution of the Contact Agreement;

   (5)  whether there are siblings of the adopted child who have continuing contact or communication with the adopted child under the terms of the Contact Agreement, and if so, the names, ages, and birth dates of such siblings, the names of previously appointed guardians ad litem, if any, and who such guardian ad litem represented;

   (6)  a description of the proposed modification; and

   (7)  the reasons why the proposed modification will serve the needs, welfare and best interest of the adopted child.

 (c)  Exhibits. A copy of the Contact Agreement shall be attached to the petition.

 (d)  Service. The petition shall be served in accordance with Rule 15.16(a) and notice of any scheduled hearing shall be provided in accordance with Rule 15.16(b).

 (e)  Decree. After a hearing, if the court finds by clear and convincing evidence that modification of the Contact Agreement shall serve the needs, welfare and best interest of the adopted child, the court shall enter a decree so modifying the Contact Agreement as necessary.

Explanatory Comment
   Section 2741(b) provides that a guardian ad litem may be appointed to represent siblings who have not attained 18 years of age in a proceeding to enforce or discontinue a Contact Agreement, but does not specifically mention a proceeding to modify a Contact Agreement. 23 Pa.C.S. §  2741(b)(1). However, the court has inherent powers to appoint a guardian ad litem whenever the court finds that the interests of a minor are not adequately represented by others who are sui juris.

   The evidentiary standard of clear and convincing evidence is statutorily mandated. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  2737(b).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.17 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267.

Rule 15.18. Petition to Enforce a Contact Agreement.
 (a)  General Rule. By filing a petition under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2738, any party to the Contact Agreement, the adopted child, or a sibling who has continuing contact or communication with the adopted child under the terms of the Contact Agreement may seek to enforce the terms of the Contact Agreement.

 (b)  Contents of petition to enforce. The petition to enforce the Contact Agreement shall set forth specific averments to establish the following facts:

   (1)  the age and birth date of the adopted child;

   (2)  the date when the court approved the Contact Agreement and that such date was on or before the date of the adoption decree;

   (3)  whether the adopted child was then represented by a guardian ad litem;

   (4)  whether the adopted child either signed a separate written consent agreeing to the Contact Agreement or signed the Contact Agreement evidencing his or her consent, or that the adopted child had not attained 12 years of age at the time of the execution of the Contact Agreement;

   (5)  whether there are siblings of the adopted child who have continuing contact or communication with the adopted child under the terms of the Contact Agreement, and if so, the names, ages, and birth dates of such siblings, the names of previously appointed guardians ad litem, if any, and who such guardians ad litem represented;

   (6)  whether the party seeking enforcement is in substantial compliance with the terms of the Contact Agreement;

   (7)  the identity of the party who has breached the Contact Agreement and the nature and circumstances of the breach; and

   (8)  that enforcement of the Contact Agreement serves the needs, welfare and best interest of the adopted child.

 (c)  Exhibits. A copy of the Contact Agreement shall be attached to the petition.

 (d)  Service. The petition shall be served in accordance with Rule 15.16(a) and notice of any scheduled hearing shall be provided in accordance with Rule 15.16(b).

 (e)  Decree and Remedies. After a hearing, if the court finds that the petitioner is in substantial compliance with the terms of the Contact Agreement and also finds by clear and convincing evidence that enforcement of the Contact Agreement serves the needs, welfare and best interest of the adopted child, the court shall enter a decree directing specific performance of the Contact Agreement.

Explanatory Comment
   The evidentiary standard of clear and convincing evidence is statutorily mandated. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  2738(d)(2). For purposes of determining where to file a petition to enforce a Contact Agreement, petitioner should consider 23 Pa.C.S. §  2738(a) and 23 Pa.C.S. §  2738(e)(2).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.18 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267.

Rule 15.19. Petition to Discontinue a Contact Agreement.
 (a)  General rule. By filing a petition under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2739 with the court that entered the adoption decree, any party to the Contact Agreement or the adopted child if he or she has attained 12 years of age may seek to discontinue the Contact Agreement.

 (b)  Contents of petition to discontinue. The petition to discontinue the Contact Agreement shall set forth specific averments to establish the following facts:

   (1)  the age and birth date of the adopted child;

   (2)  the date when the court approved the Contact Agreement and that such date was on or before the date of the adoption decree;

   (3)  whether the adopted child was then represented by a guardian ad litem;

   (4)  whether the adopted child either signed a separate written consent agreeing to the Contact Agreement or signed the Contact Agreement evidencing his or her consent, or that the adopted child had not attained 12 years of age at the time of the execution of the Contact Agreement;

   (5)  whether there are siblings of the adopted child who have continuing contact or communication with the adopted child under the terms of the Contact Agreement, and if so, the names, ages, and birth dates of such siblings, the names of previously appointed guardians ad litem, if any, and who such guardian ad litem represented;

   (6)  the reasons why the petitioner seeks to discontinue the Contact Agreement; and

   (7)  why discontinuance of the Contact Agreement serves the needs, welfare and best interest of the adopted child.

 (c)  Exhibits. A copy of the Contact Agreement shall be attached to the petition.

 (d)  Service. The petition shall be served in accordance with Rule 15.16(a) and notice of any scheduled hearing shall be provided in accordance with Rule 15.16(b).

 (e)  Decree. After a hearing, if the court finds by clear and convincing evidence that discontinuance of the Contact Agreement shall serve the needs, welfare and best interest of the adopted child, the court shall enter a decree discontinuing the Contact Agreement.

Explanatory Comment
   The evidentiary standard of clear and convincing evidence is statutorily mandated. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  2739(b).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.19 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267.

Rule 15.20. Collection of Documents and Maintenance of Court File.
 (a)  The clerk where parental rights were terminated and the clerk where the adoption decree is entered shall maintain as a permanent court file all court records pertaining to the adoption, including the docket, all petitions, exhibits, reports, notes of testimony, decrees and other filed legal papers.

 (b)  The clerk where parental rights were terminated and the clerk where the adoption decree is entered shall also accept the following items that shall then become part of the permanent court file:

   (1)  a statement of medical, personal, or social history information filed by a birth parent, a survivor of a deceased birth parent, the adopted individual who is sui juris, the legal or natural guardian of a non-sui juris adopted individual, or the descendant of a deceased adopted individual;

   (2)  a form promulgated by the Department containing medical, personal, or social history information completed by an individual named in subparagraph (1);

   (3)  an authorization or consent form signed by a birth parent permitting the release of identifying information, including, but not limited to, any signed form promulgated by the Department to authorize the release of identifying information and any signed form promulgated by the Department of Health granting the issuance of a summary of the adopted individual’s original birth record with identifying information about the birth parent;

   (4)  a form signed by a birth parent withholding the release of identifying information or revoking a prior authorization or consent given, including any such form promulgated by the Department or the Department of Health that is signed by the birth parent; and

   (5)  a notification from the Department given in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2915(c)(4) that an agency has closed and transferred its case records to another agency.

 (c)  In addition to the documents listed in paragraphs (a) and (b), the clerk where the adoption decree is entered shall also accept the following items that shall then become part of the permanent court file:

   (1)  an authorization or consent form signed by an adopted individual permitting the release of identifying information, or any form signed by an adopted individual withholding the release of identifying information or revoking a prior authorization or consent given, including any such form promulgated by the Department or the Department of Health that is signed by the adopted individual;

   (2)  requests for non-identifying or identifying information; and

   (3)  records or documents from an attorney who represented an individual in the adoption proceeding or who acted as counsel or as the guardian ad litem for the child, the minor birth parent, or a minor sibling of the child; provided that, the records and written documents concern the child, the birth family or the adopting family, such records and documents are in the format required by local rule, and the filing fee, if any, is paid.

 (d)  The clerk where parental rights were terminated shall copy and forward any statement of medical, personal, or social history information and forms signed by a birth parent authorizing the release of identifying information, withholding the release of identifying information, or revoking previously given authorizations as follows:

   (1)  a completed document in the form promulgated by the Department shall be forwarded to the Pennsylvania Adoption Information Registry (‘‘PAIR’’); and

   (2)  documents in whatever form or format shall be forwarded to the clerk where the adoption decree has been entered if the court entering the adoption decree is known or reasonably ascertainable from information in the court file of the court that terminated parental rights.

 (e)  All documents described in subparagraphs (b)(1), (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), (c)(1), and (c)(3) shall be stamped with the date of receipt and an acknowledgement of receipt shall be sent to the individual who filed the document or the clerk who sent the document.

Explanatory Comment
   In order to avoid confusion, the term ‘‘court file,’’ rather than ‘‘court records,’’ is being used to describe all documents that can be part of the court’s file because ‘‘court records’’ is statutorily defined in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2911 to include only the petition, exhibits, reports, notes of testimony, decrees and other papers pertaining to the judicial proceeding.

   The statute directs that notice of the filing of a statement of medical, personal, or social history information shall be given to ‘‘the individual who is at least 21 years of age and whom the information is intended to benefit, if known or identified in its records.’’ 23 Pa.C.S. §  2934(e)(2). Rule 15.22(g) provides the procedure for determining who is the person intended to be benefitted and how notice of the filing of this Statement shall be provided to that intended beneficiary. Because the procedure in Rule 15.22(g) requires the filing of an initial request for information and because all requests for information are filed through the clerk where the adoption decree is entered, it is that court, and not the court that terminated parental rights, that shall review the statement of medical, personal, or social history information, determining who is the individual intended to be benefitted and whether and how information is to be provided to that individual. The clerk where parental rights were terminated need only forward the statement of medical, personal, or social history information to the clerk where the adoption decree is entered, if such court is known or can be readily identified from items in the court file, and to the Pennsylvania Adoption Information Registry (‘‘PAIR’’) if the completed Statement is in the form promulgated by the Department.

   PAIR has a website (www.pagov-pair.org) and is requesting that any statement of medical, personal, or social history information be forwarded electronically in a .pdf format. The clerk shall forward the Statement to PAIR in a .pdf format as filed.

   Notwithstanding the development of forms by the Department, the statute does not limit or restrict what statements and forms the clerk can accept from birth parents, adopted individuals or their statutorily permissible representatives. Thus, in keeping with the spirit of the statute, clerks are encouraged to accept any document that reveals medical, personal, or social history information from a birth parent, adopted individual, his or her statutorily permissible representative, descendants of a deceased adopted individual, or survivors of a deceased birth parent. Likewise, clerks are encouraged to accept and maintain any form or statement that reasonably can be construed as providing authorization or consent to release identifying information, withholding such authorization or consent, or revoking a prior authorization or consent given. The local courts are also free to adopt, through the promulgation of local rules, their own forms for such uses. The Department has designed sample forms for the local courts to use or to modify for use.

   Because requests for identifying information are permitted to be filed only with the clerk where the adoption decree is entered, only the clerk where the adoption decree is entered shall accept requests for non-identifying or identifying information and forms from the adopted individual authorizing the release of identifying information or withholding or revoking such authorization. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  2931(a). Despite the preceding sentence, the statute implies that the clerk where parental rights were terminated must accept and maintain as part of its court file an authorization or consent to release identifying information or any document withholding or revoking such authorization signed by a birth parent. See 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2933(a)(2)—(4). For this reason, Rule 15.20(d)(2) requires the clerk where parental rights were terminated to forward a copy of any such signed authorization or consent form or any document withholding or revoking authorization or consent to the clerk where the adoption decree is entered, if known, thereby streamlining the efforts required by the court that entered the adoption decree if a request for non-identifying or identifying information is later filed.

   Finally, attorneys representing a party to an adoption proceeding or representing a child thereto either as counsel or as a guardian ad litem are permitted to forward their records and information only to the clerk where the adoption decree is entered. 23 Pa.C.S. §  2916. In this age of document management and given the judiciary’s limited financial and physical resources, the attorney representing an agency may not deposit his or her records with the court as the agency already has record-keeping requirements imposed by the Department. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  2915. Moreover, the court, by local rule, may adopt procedures for attorneys forwarding documents to be retained in the court file, e.g., on a disc, CD-ROM, or other electronic format. The court may charge reasonable fees for the acceptance and retention of an attorney’s records. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  2913 (‘‘Any court. . .may charge reasonable fees for services provided under this chapter.’’).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.20 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267.

Rule 15.21. Privacy; Withholding the Court File from Inspection.
 (a)  All court records and all other documents in the court file, including, but not limited to, completed statements of medical, personal, or social history information, signed authorization or consent forms, signed forms withholding or revoking authorization, requests for identifying or non-identifying information, and attorney records shall be withheld from inspection except as provided by 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2931 et seq. and Rule 15.22.

 (b)  Except as provided in (d), the docket, court records, and all other documents in the court file shall be closed.

 (c)  Certificates of adoption shall be issued as provided in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2907, reciting that the court has granted the adoption, but not disclosing the names of the birth parents or the name of the adopted individual before adoption.

 (d)  No decision under the Adoption Act of any hearing judge or an appellate court publicly reported or in any other way made available to the public by the court shall disclose the identity of the individual parties.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.21 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267.

Rule 15.22. Dissemination and Release of Information in the Court File.
 (a)  One seeking non-identifying or identifying information or contact shall file a written request with the clerk where the adoption decree was entered and the written request shall contain the following information to the extent known:

   (1)  the name of the court that entered the adoption decree and the date of the adoption decree;

   (2)  the requester’s relationship to the adoption proceeding as the adopted individual, the adopting parents, the adopted individual’s legal guardian, a descendant of the adopted individual, a birth parent, a parent of a birth parent, or a birth sibling of the adopted individual; and

     (A)   If the requester is the adopted individual, the adopted individual’s birth date and that he or she has attained 18 years of age.

     (B)   If the requester is an adopting parent, the adopted individual’s birth date and that the adopted individual has not attained 18 years of age or has attained 18 years of age and been adjudicated incapacitated, including attaching a copy of the court decree of incapacity, or that the adopted individual is deceased, including attaching a copy of the death certificate.

     (C)   If the requester is a legal guardian of the adopted individual, the adopted individual’s birth date and that the adopted individual has not attained 18 years of age or has attained 18 years of age and been adjudicated incapacitated, including attaching a copy of the court decree of incapacity.

     (D)   If the requester is a descendant of the adopted individual, a statement that the adopted individual is deceased, including attaching a copy of the death certificate.

     (E)   If the requester is a parent of a birth parent, a statement that the birth parent either consents to the request for information or contact, has been adjudicated incapacitated, or is deceased, including attaching a signed copy of the birth parent’s consent, a copy of the court decree of incapacity, or a copy of the death certificate, as applicable.

     (F)   If the requester is related to the adopted individual as a sibling through either one or both of the birth parents, the birth date of the requester, that the requester has attained 21 years of age, and that either the requester remained in the custody of his or her parent and that this birth parent consents to the request for information or contact, has been adjudicated incapacitated, or is deceased, including attaching a signed copy of the birth parent’s consent, a copy of the court decree of incapacity, or a copy of the death certificate, as applicable, or that the requester was adopted out of the birth family or did not remain in the custody of the birth parent, including a copy of the requester’s adoption decree or the court order granting legal or physical custody of the requester to another.

   (3)  a general description of the individual who is the subject of the request explaining the subject’s relationship to the adoption proceeding as the adopted individual, a birth parent, a parent of a birth parent, or a birth sibling of the adopted individual. In addition:

     (A)   If the subject of the request is the adopted individual, the adopted individual’s birth date and that the adopted individual has attained 21 years of age.

     (B)   If the subject of the request is a parent of a birth parent, the adopted individual’s birth date, that the adopted individual has attained 21 years of age, and that the birth parent either consents to the request for information or contact, has been adjudicated incapacitated, or is deceased, including attaching a signed copy of the birth parent’s consent, a copy of the court decree of incapacity, or a copy of the death certificate, as applicable.

     (C)   If the subject of the request is related to the adopted individual as a sibling through either one or both of the birth parents, the birth dates of both the adopted individual and his or her birth sibling, that both the adopted individual and the birth sibling have attained 21 years of age, and that either the birth sibling remained in the custody of his or her parent and that this birth parent consents to the request for information or contact, has been adjudicated incapacitated, or is deceased, including attaching a signed copy of the birth parent’s consent, a copy of the court decree of incapacity, or a copy of the death certificate, as applicable, or that the birth sibling was adopted out of the birth family or did not remain in the custody of the birth parent, including a copy of the birth sibling’s adoption decree or the court order granting legal or physical custody of the birth sibling to another.

 (b)  The clerk shall accept and date stamp the request before forwarding it to the court for review and consideration.

 (c)  Upon a review of the request for non-identifying or identifying information or contact, the court shall determine if it is the proper court to handle the request, if the requester is permitted to seek the requested information or contact by 23 Pa.C.S. §  2931(a), and if the request inquires about an individual who can be the subject of the request per 23 Pa.C.S. §  2931(b).

   (1)  If the court cannot affirmatively answer all three of the questions in paragraph (c), the court shall notify the requester that his or her request for information is denied and the reasons for its denial.

   (2)  If the court affirmatively answers all three of the questions in paragraph (c), the court shall proceed under paragraphs (d) and (e), as applicable.

 (d)  If the request is for only non-identifying information, an authorization or consent to release information is not needed. To the extent available and provided that the information will not reveal the identity of the subject of the request or compromise the confidentiality of the relationship between the adopted individual and his or her birth parent(s), the court shall provide a written report containing information such as the date, time and location of the adopted individual’s birth; the adopted individual’s birth weight and other physical characteristics; where the adopted individual’s birth parents were born; the age of the birth parents when the adopted individual was born; the marital status of the birth parents when the adopted individual was born; the facts and circumstances relating to the nature and cause of the adoption; the nationality, ethnic background, race, tribal affiliation, and religious preference of the adopted individual’s birth parents; the educational level, course of study, general occupation, talents and hobbies of the adopted individual’s birth parents; a general physical description of the adopted individual’s birth parents and other birth relatives, including height, weight, color of hair, color of eyes, complexion, and other similar information; whether other children were born to the adopted individual’s birth parent, and if so, available non-identifying information about these children; information regarding the adopted individual’s birth grandparents; the name of the agency involved in the adoption; the length of time the adopted individual was in the custody of an adopting parent; whether the adopted individual was ever placed in foster care, and if so, the number of foster care placements, the beginning and end dates of each foster care placement, and any significant occurrences in any foster care placement; and available health history of the adopted individual and the adopted individual’s birth relatives, including psychological and psychiatric information which may have an effect on the adopted individual’s physical or mental health. This report shall be made available to the requester as provided by local rule or practice.

 (e)  If the request is for identifying information or contact, the court shall appoint an Authorized Representative who shall determine if the court file includes an unrevoked authorization or consent from the individual who is the subject of the request:

   (1)  If the court file does include such authorization or consent, the Authorized Representative shall determine whether and how to deliver the requested identifying information to the requester or arrange for contact between the requester and the subject of the request and then shall either respond to the requester or report to the court if the Authorized Representative believes one of the circumstances described in subparagraph (3) exists.

   (2)  If the court file does not include such an authorization or consent, the Authorized Representative shall proceed in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2933 and his or her training and thereafter shall either respond to the requester or report to the court if the Authorized Representative believes one of the circumstances described in subparagraph (3) exists.

   (3)  The court shall not grant a request and shall not provide identifying information under either of the following circumstances:

     (A)   dissemination of the requested identifying information will compromise the identify or confidentiality of an individual who has not authorized release of the identifying information, and after appointing an Authorized Representative, the Authorized Representative reports to the court that such individual either cannot be located, or after being located, refuses to consent to the release of such identifying information; or

     (B)   dissemination of the requested identifying information could cause physical or emotional harm to the requestor or others, as determined by the court either with or without the assistance of a report from the Authorized Representative, and in such cases, the court shall issue an order to this effect setting forth the basis of its findings.

 (f)  Anyone requesting an original birth record or a summary of the original birth record shall be directed to contact the Department of Health.

 (g)  Upon the filing of a statement of medical, personal, or social history information, or a statement updating such information, or if either is received from the clerk where parental rights were terminated, the clerk where the adoption decree is entered shall send notice as follows:

   (1)  if the statement contains information about a birth parent, notice of its filing shall be sent to the adopted individual, the adopting parents, the legal guardian of an incapacitated adopted individual, or descendants of a deceased adopted individual, only if such person, at any time prior, had filed a request for non-identifying or identifying information that was approved by the court or was then denied by the court due only to the age of the requester or the age of the subject of the request; or

   (2)  if the statement contains information about the adopted individual, notice of its filing shall be sent to the birth parents, any legal guardian of a birth parent, the parents of a deceased birth parent, and in limited circumstances to a birth sibling, but only if such person, at any time prior, had filed a request for non-identifying or identifying information that was approved by the court or was then denied by the court due only to the age of the requester or the age of the subject of the request.

   (3)  Notice under this subparagraph (g) shall be provided to the individual at the address listed on the request for non-identifying or identifying information or at the last updated address in the court file.

   (4)  Notice shall inform the individuals that a statement of medical, personal, or social history information or a statement updating such information has been received, the date of its filing, and that the information contained in the statement may be provided either in redacted form or with identifying information upon the filing of new request for non-identifying or identifying information.

   (5)  If a new request for non-identifying or identifying information is thereafter filed, the request shall contain the information required in paragraph (a) and shall be processed as provided in paragraphs (b), (c), (d), and (e) as applicable.

 (h)  The court may permit reasonable fees to be charged for the filing, handling, and processing of any request for non-identifying or identifying information, and the fees may vary depending upon the time and efforts involved, the extent of information made available to the requester, whether an Authorized Representative is appointed by the court, and the extent of any search required.

Explanatory Comment
   The handling of requests for non-identifying information, identifying information, or contact will largely be dictated by local rule, custom and practice. Judges, law clerks, or court personnel experienced in adoptions should handle and address requests for non-identifying information and only an appointed Authorized Representative duly trained by the Department should handle and address all requests for identifying information. The statute has very specific rules as to who may request non-identifying and identifying information and the age or existence of one individual may change the requester’s right to have the request answered. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  2931(a). Further, the statute is specific about who can be the subject of a request. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  2931(b). Consequently, requests for non-identifying and identifying information or contact should be reviewed by those trained in the law or otherwise well versed in this statute.

   The statutory deadlines set forth in 23 Pa.C.S. §  2932 for a court to notify a requester of the court’s receipt of a non-identifying information request and to fulfill the request are not incorporated in this Rule because these deadlines are procedural and compliance may not be practical in all cases. The statutory deadlines are aspirational, rather than mandatory. Individual judges must view the specific circumstances when enforcing a request for information and a non-response.

   If the court believes that a request for identifying information or contact could cause physical or emotional harm to the requestor or others, the court shall issue an order to this effect that can be appealed by the requestor in accordance with 23 Pa.C.S. §  2936(b).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 15.22 added July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267.








~ XVI.    PROCEEDINGS PURSUANT TO SECTION 3206 OF THE ABORTION CONTROL ACT
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8016/chap8016toc.html&d= 2025-10-02
CHAPTER XVI. PROCEEDINGS PURSUANT TO SECTION 3206 OF
THE ABORTION CONTROL ACT
Rule


16.1.    Definitions; Scope.
16.2.    Confidentiality.
16.3.    Precedence of Proceeding.
16.4.    Commencement; Venue; No Filing Fees.
16.5.    Application; Contents; Form of Verification; Assistance in Preparation.
16.6.    Dockets; Document Maintenance.
16.7.    [Reserved].
16.8.    [Reserved].
16.9.    [Reserved].
16.10.    Form; Generally.
16.11.    [Reserved].
16.12.    [Reserved].
Source
   The provisions of Rule 16 amended and effective November 26, 1984, 14 Pa.B. 4503; this Rule 16 renamed Chapter XVI December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098, unless otherwise noted. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (25064).

   Note

   The right of a minor to petition the court for consent under Section 3206(c), 18 Pa.C.S. §  3206(c), shall be carried forth pursuant to the following procedures:

Rule 16.1. Definitions; Scope.
 (a)  As used in this Rule, the following words shall have the following meaning:

   ‘‘Act’’—the Act of June 11, 1982, P.L. 476, No. 138, as amended, 18 Pa.C.S. §  3201 et. seq., known as the Abortion Control Act;

   ‘‘Applicant’’—a pregnant woman: (i) who is less than eighteen years of age and not emancipated or (ii) a person acting on behalf of a pregnant woman who has been adjudged an incapacitated person pursuant to Chapter 55 of Title 20 (relating to incapacitated persons);

   ‘‘Application’’—a legal paper, including a motion or petition;

   ‘‘Court’’—the Orphans’ Court Division of the Court of Common Pleas, except in proceedings brought: (a) in Philadelphia in which the applicant is a minor in which case the term ‘‘court’’ means the Family Court Division; (b) in Allegheny County where said proceedings shall be heard in the Juvenile Court Section of the Family Court Division;

   Note

   See Rule of Judicial Administration 2157 governing distribution of business within courts of common pleas.

   ‘‘Proceeding’’—a proceeding pursuant to Section 3206(c) of the Act, 18 Pa.C.S. §  3206(c).

   Note

   Section 3206(c) of the Abortion Control Act relates to proceedings seeking authorization for a physician to perform an abortion.

 (b)  The procedure set forth in Chapter 16 shall govern proceedings pursuant to Section 3206(c) of the Act, 18 Pa.C.S. §  3206(c).

   Note

   These rules implement Section 3206 of the Abortion Control Act and work with that section to provide a full procedure. Procedures which are set forth in that section rather than the rules include the following:

   1. Participation in the proceeding and representation by an attorney, Section 3206(e). The court shall be responsible for adopting a procedure to assure that the court advises the pregnant woman of her right to counsel and that counsel is appointed upon her request;

   2. Conduct of the hearing, including the exclusion of persons, evidence to be heard and notices to be given the applicant, Section 3206(f)(3) and (4) and Section 3206(h); and

   3. Specific factual findings and legal conclusions by the court in writing, Section 3206(f)(1).

   Section 3206 of the Act provides for an ‘‘expedited appeal.’’ See Rule 3801 et. seq. of the Rules of Appellate Procedure, which provide a complete procedure governing the appeal.

 Pa.R.A.P. 3804 requires that the court reporter, without charge to the applicant, transcribe the notes of testimony and deliver them to the clerk of the court by 5:00 o’clock p. m. of the business day following receipt of the notice of appeal to the Superior Court.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 16.1 amended and effective November 26, 1984, 14 Pa.B. 4503; amended December 9, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6555; amended December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (323261) to (323262).

Rule 16.2. Confidentiality.
 (a)  The proceeding shall be confidential.

   Note

   See subparagraph (b) of this rule governing the sealing of the record. See Rule 16.6 for provisions governing docketing. See Section 3206(f)(3) of the Act for the exclusion of persons from the hearing.

 (b)  The record, including the application, pleadings, submissions, transcripts, exhibits, orders, evidence, findings and conclusions and any other written material to be maintained, shall be sealed.

 (c)  The identity of the applicant shall not be disclosed in any decision of the proceeding.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 16.2 amended and effective November 26, 1984, 14 Pa.B. 4503; reserved March 31, 1994, effective immediately, 24 Pa.B. 1956; amended December 9, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6555; amended December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (323262).

Rule 16.3. Precedence of Proceeding.
 The proceeding shall be given such precedence over other pending matters as will ensure that the court renders a decision within three business days of the date of the filing of the application.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 16.3 amended and effective November 26, 1984, 14 Pa.B. 4503; reserved March 31, 1994, effective immediately, 24 Pa.B. 1956; amended December 9, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6555. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (188397).

Rule 16.4. Commencement; Venue; No Filing Fees.
 (a)  The proceeding shall be commenced by filing an application in the appropriate division of the court of common pleas of the county in which the applicant resides or in which the abortion is sought.

 (b)  No filing fees or court costs shall be required of the applicant.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 16.4 amended and effective November 26, 1984, 14 Pa.B. 4503; reserved March 31, 1994, effective immediately, 24 Pa.B. 1956; amended December 9, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6555; amended December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (379785).

Rule 16.5. Application; Contents; Form of Verification; Assistance in Preparation.
 (a)  The application shall set forth the following:

   (1)  the initials of the applicant;

   (2)  the age of the applicant;

   (3)  the names and addresses of each parent, guardian or, if the petitioner is a minor whose parents are deceased and no guardian has been appointed, any other person standing in loco parentis to the applicant;

   (4)  a statement that the applicant has been fully informed of the risks and consequences of the abortion;

   (5)  a statement whether the applicant is of sound mind and has sufficient intellectual capacity to consent to the abortion;

   (6)  a prayer for relief asking the court to enter an order authorizing a physician to perform an abortion upon applicant;

   (7)  an unsworn verification by the applicant stating that the information therein is true and correct and that the applicant is aware that any false statements made in the application are subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904 relating to unsworn falsification to authorities; and

   (8)  the signature of the applicant, which may consist of the applicant’s initials.

 (b)  Where necessary to serve the interest of justice, the court shall refer the applicant to the appropriate personnel for assistance in preparing the application.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 16.5 amended and effective November 26, 1984, 14 Pa.B. 4503; reserved March 31, 1994, effective immediately, 24 Pa.B. 1956; amended December 9, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6555; amended October 16, 2006, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order, 36 Pa.B. 6760; amended December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (379785) to (379786).

Rule 16.6. Dockets; Document Maintenance.
 (a)  Each court shall maintain a sealed docket which is not open to public inspection.

 (b)  The proceeding shall be docketed by case number only.

 (c)  The name or initials of the applicant shall not be entered on any docket which is subject to public inspection.

 (d)  Documents pertaining to the proceeding shall be maintained in a closed file which shall be marked ‘‘confidential’’ and identified by the case number only.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 16.6 amended and effective November 26, 1984, 14 Pa.B. 4503; reserved March 31, 1994, effective immediately, 24 Pa.B. 1956; amended December 9, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6555; amended December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (379786).

Rule 16.7. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 16.7 amended and effective November 26, 1984, 14 Pa.B. 4503; reserved March 31, 1994, effective immediately, 24 Pa.B. 1956. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (96494).

Rule 16.8. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 16.8 amended and effective November 26, 1984, 14 Pa.B. 4503; reserved March 31, 1994, effective immediately, 24 Pa.B. 1956. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (96494).

Rule 16.9. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 16.9 reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098.

Rule 16.10. Form; Generally.
 The form of application by a minor and form of separate unsworn verification shall be prepared and filed in substantial conformity with the forms approved by the Supreme Court.

   Note

   Additional averments will be required for an application filed on behalf of a person who has been adjudged an incapacitated person pursuant to Chapter 55 of Title 20 (relating to incapacitated persons).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 16.10 adopted December 9, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6555; amended October 16, 2006, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order, 36 Pa.B. 6760; amended December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (323265).

Rule 16.11. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 16.11 adopted December 9, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6555; reserved October 16, 2006, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order, 36 Pa.B. 6760; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (323265).

Rule 16.12. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 16.12 adopted December 9, 1994, effective March 1, 1995, 24 Pa.B. 6555; reserved October 16, 2006, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order, 36 Pa.B. 6760; reserved December 1, 2015, effective September 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7098. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (323265).
























~        APPENDIX
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8017a/s8017a.html&d= 2025-10-02
INDEX TO APPENDIX

ORPHANS’ COURT AND REGISTER OF WILLS FORMS



ADOPTED BY SUPREME COURT

PURSUANT TO Pa.R.O.C.P. 1.8

Available as Fill-in Forms on Website

of Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts

https://www.pacourts.us/forms/for-the-public/orphans-court-forms

Orphans’ Court and Administration Forms
 A.  Audit and Administration Forms

   1.  Decedent’s Estate: Petition for Adjudication/Statement of
Proposed Distribution Pursuant to Pa. O.C. Rule 2.4… OC-01

   2.  Trust: Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed
Distribution Pursuant to Pa. O.C. Rule 2.4 … OC-02

   3.  Guardianship of Incapacitated Person: Petition for
Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution Pursuant to
Pa.R.O.C.P. 2.4 … OC-03

   4.  Guardianship of Minor: Petition for Adjudication/Statement
of Proposed Distribution Pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 2.4 … OC-04

   5.  Principal’s Estate (Under Power of Attorney): Petition for
Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution Pursuant to
Pa. O.C. Rule 2.4 … OC-05

   6.  Notice of Charitable Gift (In Accordance with Pa. O.C.
Rule 4.4) … OC-06

   7.  Notice of Claim … OC-07

 B.  Guardianship Forms

   1.  Important Notice—Citation with Notice (Pa.R.O.C.P 14.2)…G-01

   2.  {Rescinded}.

   3.  {Rescinded}.

   4.  Guardian’s Inventory for a Minor…G-04

   5.  {Rescinded}.

   6.  Guardianship of Incapacitated Person: Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution Pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 2.4…OC-031

   7.  Guardianship of Minor: Petition for Adjudication/Statement of Proposed Distribution Pursuant to Pa.R.O.C.P. 2.4… OC-04**2

   8.  Expert Report…G-06

   9.  Notice of Filing…G-07

 C.  Abortion Control Act Forms

   1.  Minor’s Application for Judicial Authorization of an Abortion
(Pa. O.C. Rule 16.10)… ACA-01

   2.  Confidential Unsworn Verification by a Minor (Pa. O.C.
Rule 16.10)… ACA-02

   


   1 Form OC-3 is not reprinted here and is located under Audit and Administration Forms at No. 3.

   2 **Form OC-4 is not reprinted here and is located under Audit and Administration Forms at No. 4.

 D.  Register of Wills Forms

   1.  Estate Information Sheet… ***

   2.  Petition for Grant of Letters …RW-02

   3.  Oath of Subscribing Witness(es)… RW-03

   4.  Oath of Non-subscribing Witness(es)… RW-04

   5.  Oath of Witness(es) to Will Executed by Mark… RW-05

   6.  Renunciation … RW-06

   7.  Notice of Estate Administration Pursuant to Pa. O.C.
Rule 10.5 …RW-07

   8.  Certification of Notice under Pa. O.C. Rule 10.5… RW-08

   9.  Inventory … RW-09

   10.  Pa. O.C. Rule 10.6 Status Report … RW-10

   *** The Estate Information Sheet is not a form adopted by the Supreme Court. It is available on the Department of Revenue website (www. revenue.pa.gov), and is no longer maintained with the Register of Wills Forms.

 E.  Model Forms of Account

   1.  National Fiduciary Accounting Standards Project—1983
Report of Fiduciary Accounting Standards Committee

   2.  Model Estate Account

   3.  Model Trust Account

   4.  Model Charitable Remainder Unitrust Account

 F.  Adoption Forms

   1.  Notice of Orphans’ Court Proceedings to be Filed With Clerk in
Dependency Proceeding by Solicitor of County Agency
(Pa. O.C. Rule 15.5)

     a.   Praecipe to Clerk in Dependency Proceeding of Filing of a
Petition to Terminate Parental Rights, Confirm Consent,
or Adopt…A-01

     b.   Praecipe to Clerk in Dependency Proceeding of Entry of
Decision Disposing of Petition…A-02

     c.   Praecipe to Clerk in Dependency Proceeding of Filing of
Notice of Appeal…A-03

     d.   Praecipe to Clerk in Dependency Proceeding of Entry of
Decision Disposing of Appeal…A-04

   2.  Notice to Provide Medical Information and Determine Access
to Identifying Information…A-05

   3.  Foreign Adoption Forms

     a.   Forms for Registration of Foreign Adoption Decree
(Pa. O.C. Rule 15.14)

       i)   Instructions for Filing Petition…A-06

       ii)   Petition to Register Foreign Adoption Decree…A-07

       iii)   Proposed Final Decree…A-08

     b.   Forms for Adoption of a Foreign Born Child
(Pa. O.C. 15.15)

       i)   Petition for Adoption of a Foreign Born Child…A-09

       ii)   Report of the Intermediary…A-10

       iii)   Preliminary Decree…A-11

       iv)   Final Decree…A-12

   Source

 The provisions of this Appendix adopted October 16, 2006, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order, 36 Pa.B. 6760; amended March 29, 2007, effective 30 days from the date of entry of this order; amended January 3, 2011, effective in sixty days, 41 Pa.B. 336; amended October 11, 2011, effective in thirty days, 41 Pa.B. 5743; amended March 19, 2013, effective April 19, 2013 for all termination and adoption petitions filed after that date, 43 Pa.B. 1836; amended August 9, 2016, effective September 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 5479; amended June 1, 2018, Forms G-02 through G-05 effective July 1, 2018 for all new report filings as of that date. The remainder effective June 1, 2019, 48 Pa.B. 3524; amended October 31, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6804; amended July 22, 2021, effective July 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 4267; amended December 16, 2022, effective January 1, 2023, 52 Pa.B. 8199; amended December 18, 2024, effective immediately, 55 Pa.B. 7. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (409827) to (409828), (412291) to (412292), (399721) to (399762), (383193) to (383196), (396103) to (396104), (412293) to (412330), (383211) to (383214), (399763) to (399842) and (409831) to (409848).

[ [!] trunucated to not include (inline) (image) forms
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/231/chapter8017a/s8017a.html&d=  2025-10-02
https://www.pacourts.us/forms/for-the-public/orphans-court-forms 2025-10-02 ]




























~Subpart A. DELINQUENCY MATTERS
Chap.	Rule

1. GENERAL PROVISIONS … 100   
2. COMMENCEMENT OF PROCEEDINGS, ARREST PROCEDURES, WRITTEN ALLEGATION, AND PRE-ADJUDICATORY DETENTION … 200   
3. PRE-ADJUDICATORY PROCEDURES … 300   
4. ADJUDICATORY HEARING … 400   
5. DISPOSITIONAL HEARING … 500   
6. POST-DISPOSITIONAL PROCEDURES … 600   
8. SUSPENSIONS … 800    
Source
   The provisions of this Subpart A issued April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005, with the exception of Chapter 1, Part D, Rules 185, 187, 190, 191, and 192, which shall be effective April 1, 2006, 35 Pa.B. 2214, unless otherwise noted.

Note
   The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has adopted the Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure. The Rules will secure uniformity and simplicity in procedure throughout juvenile courts in this Commonwealth.
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/subpartIAtoc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02






~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter1/chap1toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS
Rule


100.    Scope of Rules.
101.    Purpose, Application, and Construction of Rules.
102.    Citing the Juvenile Court Procedural Rules.
105.    Search Warrants.
PART A. BUSINESS OF COURTS

120.    Definitions.
121.    Local Rules.
122.    Continuances.
123.    Subpoenas.
124.    Summons and Notice.
125.    Habeas Corpus.
126.    Defects in Form, Content, or Procedure.
127.    Recording and Transcribing Juvenile Court Proceedings.
128.    Presence at Proceedings.
129.    Appearance by Advanced Communication Technology.
130.    Court Fees Prohibited for Advanced Communication Technology.
131.    Guardian’s Presence.
132.    Victim’s Presence.
135.    Captions.
136.    Ex Parte Communication.
137.    Public Discussion by Court Personnel of Pending Matters.
138.    Citation of Authorities.
139.    Use of Restraints on the Juvenile.
140.    Bench Warrants for Failure to Appear at Hearings.
141.    Bench Warrants for Absconders.
PART B(1). EDUCATION AND HEALTH OF JUVENILE

147.    Educational Decision Maker.
148.    Educational Stability and Removal From Home.
PART B(2). COUNSEL

150.    Attorneys—Appearances and Withdrawals.
151.    Assignment of Counsel.
152.    Waiver of Counsel.
PART C. RECORDS
PART C(1). ACCESS TO JUVENILE RECORDS

160.    Inspecting, Copying, and Disseminating the Official Court Record.
161.    Inspecting, Copying, and Disseminating Juvenile Probation Files.
163.    Release of Information to School.
PART C(2). MAINTAINING RECORDS

165.    Design of Forms.
166.    Maintaining Records in the Clerk of Courts.
167.    Filings and Service of Court Orders and Notices.
PART C(3). EXPUNGING OR DESTROYING RECORDS, FINGERPRINTS, AND PHOTOGRAPHS

170.    Motion to Expunge or Destroy Records.
172.    Order to Expunge or Destroy.
173.    Retention of Specific Information from Juvenile Records.
PART D. JUVENILE COURT HEARING OFFICERS

182.    Qualifications of Juvenile Court Hearing Officer.
185.    Appointment to Cases.
187.    Authority of Juvenile Court Hearing Officer.
190.    Admissions Before Juvenile Court Hearing Officer.
191.    Juvenile Court Hearing Officer’s Findings and Recommendation to the Judge.
192.    Challenge to Juvenile Court Hearing Officer’s Recommendation.
PART D(2). JUVENILE PROBATION OFFICERS

195.    Powers, Duties, and Training of a Juvenile Probation Officer.
Rule 100. Scope of Rules.
 A.  These rules shall govern delinquency proceedings in all courts. Unless otherwise specifically provided, these rules shall not apply to domestic relations proceedings and dependency proceedings.

 B.  Each of the courts exercising juvenile jurisdiction, as provided in the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., may adopt local rules of procedure in accordance with Rule 121.

Comment
   The Pennsylvania Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure are split into two categories: delinquency matters and dependency matters. All delinquency matters are governed by Chapters One through Ten (Rules 100—1099). All dependency matters are governed by Chapters Eleven through Twenty (Rules 1100—2099).

   These rules govern proceedings when the Juvenile Act vests jurisdiction in the Juvenile Court. See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6321 and 6302. These rules do not govern summary offense proceedings unless: 1) the summary offense(s) was committed with a delinquent act, as defined by 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302, during the same episode or transaction, as provided in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6303(a)(5), and has been properly alleged in a delinquency petition; or 2) a juvenile has failed to comply with a lawful sentence imposed for the summary offense(s), as provided in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302.

   Unless specifically provided in these rules, the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure and the Pennsylvania Rules of Criminal Procedure do not apply to delinquency proceedings commenced pursuant to Rule 200 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq.

   The Rules of Criminal Procedure apply in cases involving juveniles in summary and court cases, as defined by Pa.R.Crim.P. 103, to the extent that the Juvenile Act does not apply to these proceedings. See, e.g., Pa.R.Crim.P. 100 and 400. See also 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6302 and 6303.

   Each judicial district may promulgate local rules that follow the requirements of Rule 121 and Pa.R.J.A. 103.

   Official Note

   Rule 100 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended May 12, 2008, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 100 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 2360 (May 24, 2008).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 100 amended May 12, 2008, effective May 12, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 2360. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (332713).

Rule 101. Purpose, Application, and Construction of Rules.
 (a)  Purpose. These rules are intended to provide for the just determination of every delinquency proceeding and effectuate the purposes stated in the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301(b).

 (b)  Application. These rules establish uniform practice and procedure for courts exercising jurisdiction as provided in the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6301 et seq., and shall be applied to secure uniformity and simplicity in procedure, fairness in administration, and the elimination of unjustifiable expense and delay.

 (c)  Construction. In the construction of the Pennsylvania Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure, the principles set forth in Pa.R.J.A. 104 to 115 shall be observed.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 101 amended November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7165. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (387318).

Rule 102. Citing the Juvenile Court Procedural Rules.
 All juvenile court procedural rules adopted by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania under the authority of Article V §  10(c) of the Constitution of Pennsylvania, adopted April 23, 1968, shall be known as the Pennsylvania Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure and shall be cited as ‘‘Pa.R.J.C.P.’’

Comment
   The authority for rule-making is granted to the Supreme Court by Article V §  10(c) of the Pennsylvania Constitution, which states in part, ‘‘[t]he Supreme Court shall have the power to prescribe general rules governing practice, procedure and the conduct of all courts ... if such rules are consistent with this Constitution and neither abridge, enlarge nor modify the substantive rights of any litigant, nor affect the right of the General Assembly to determine the jurisdiction of any court or justice of the peace, nor suspend nor alter any statute of limitation or repose. All laws shall be suspended to the extent that they are inconsistent with rules prescribed under these provisions.’’

   Official Note

   Rule 102 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 105. Search Warrants.
 The Pennsylvania Rules of Criminal Procedure, Rules 200 through 211 and Rule 212(B), shall apply to search warrants in juvenile delinquency matters.

Comment
   Search warrants for juvenile cases are not available for public inspection. The search warrant is to be treated as a juvenile record and the provisions of Rule 160(A) apply. Once a search warrant is executed, it is filed with the Court of Common Pleas and becomes a part of the official court record. Also, information contained in the affidavit of probable cause attached to the search warrant is a part of law enforcement records, which is also confidential. See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6307 & 6308 and Rule 160.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 105 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1608 published with the Court’s Order at 46 Pa.B. 5533 (August 27, 2016).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 105 amended August 11, 2016, effective October 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 5533. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (373796).

PART A. BUSINESS OF COURTS

Rule 120. Definitions.
   ADULT is any person, other than a juvenile, eighteen years old or older.

   ADVANCED COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGY is any communication equipment that is used as a link between parties in physically separate locations and includes, but is not limited to, systems providing for two-way simultaneous audio-visual communication, closed circuit television, telephone and facsimile equipment, and electronic mail.

   AFFIANT is any responsible person, capable of taking an oath, who signs, swears to, affirms, or when permitted by these rules, verifies a written allegation and appreciates the nature and quality of that person’s act.

   CLERK OF COURTS is that official in each judicial district who has the responsibility and function under state law or local practice to maintain the official court record and docket, without regard to that person’s official title. A party to the proceedings shall not function as the clerk of courts.

   COPY is an exact duplicate of an original document, including any required signatures, produced through mechanical or electronic means and includes, but is not limited to, copies reproduced by a photocopier, transmission using facsimile equipment, or by scanning into and printing out of a computer.

   COUNTY AGENCY is the county children and youth social service agency established pursuant to the County Institution District Law, 62 P. S. §  2305 (1937), or established by the county commissioners in the judicial districts where the County Institution District Law was abolished, 16 P. S. § §  2161 and 2168, and supervised by the Department of Public Welfare pursuant to the Public Welfare Code, 62 P. S. §  901 et seq.

   COURT is the Court of Common Pleas, a court of record, which is assigned to hear juvenile delinquency matters. Court shall include juvenile court hearing officers when they are permitted to hear cases under these rules and magisterial district judges when issuing an arrest warrant pursuant to Rule 210. Juvenile Court shall have the same meaning as Court.

   DESTROY or DESTRUCTION is to erase permanently or the process of permanent erasure of an item leaving no trace or indication that it ever existed.

   DETENTION FACILITY is any facility, privately or publicly owned and operated, designated by the court and approved by the Department of Public Welfare to detain a juvenile temporarily. The term detention facility, when used in these rules, shall include shelter-care. Detention facility shall not include any county jail or state prison.

   DISPOSITION is a final determination made by the court after an adjudication of delinquency or any determination that ceases juvenile court action on a case.

   EDUCATIONAL DECISION MAKER is a responsible adult appointed by the court to make decisions regarding a juvenile’s education when the juvenile has no guardian or the court has limited the guardian’s right to make such decisions for the juvenile. The educational decision maker acts as the juvenile’s representative concerning all matters regarding education unless the court specifically limits the authority of the educational decision maker.

   EXPUNGE or EXPUNGEMENT is to erase legally or the process of legal erasure of the juvenile record or the sealing of the record making it permanently unavailable to the public but where some information may be retained only by a juvenile justice agency for limited purposes as provided in Rule 173.

   GUARDIAN is any parent, custodian, or other person who has legal custody of a juvenile, or person designated by the court to be a temporary guardian for purposes of a proceeding.

   HEALTH CARE is care related to any medical need including physical, mental, and dental health. This term is used in the broadest sense to include any type of health need.

   INSPECTION is the official examination of a document or evidence as authorized by Rules 160 and 161.

   INTAKE STAFF is any responsible person taking custody of the juvenile on behalf of the court, detention facility, or medical facility.

   INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION is information concerning the habits, practices, characteristics, possessions, associations, or financial status of any juvenile compiled in an effort to anticipate, prevent, monitor, investigage, or prosecute delinquent activity.

   INVESTIGATIVE INFORMATION is the information assembled as result of the performance of any inquiry, formal or informal, into delinquent activity or an allegation of a delinquent act and may include modus operandi information.

   ISSUING AUTHORITY is any public official having the power and authority of a magistrate, an arraignment court magistrate, or a Magisterial District Judge.

   JUDGE is a judge of the Court of Common Pleas.

   JUVENILE is a person who has attained ten years of age and is not yet twenty-one years of age who is alleged to have, upon or after the juvenile’s tenth birthday, committed a delinquent act before reaching eighteen years of age or who is alleged to have violated the terms of juvenile probation prior to termination of juvenile court supervision.

   JUVENILE COURT HEARING OFFICER is an attorney with delegated authority to preside over and make recommendations for delinquency matters. Juvenile court hearing officer has the same meaning as master as used pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq.

   JUVENILE JUSTICE AGENCY is any court, including the minor judiciary, or any other governmental agency specifically authorized to perform the administration of juvenile justice as its function. Juvenile justice agencies include, but are not limited to, organized State and municipal police departments, probation agencies, district or prosecuting attorneys, the Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission, the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts, or any such persons, agencies, or departments as determined by the court to be juvenile justice agencies.

   JUVENILE PROBATION FILES are those records formally maintained by the juvenile probation office and its officers, including, but not limited to, copies of information contained in the official juvenile court record; social studies; school records and reports; health evaluations, screenings, assessments, records, and reports, including psychological and psychiatric evaluations and reports, drug and alcohol testing, evaluations, and reports; placement reports and documents; employment records; and probation reports.

   JUVENILE PROBATION OFFICER is a person who has been appointed by the court or employed by a county’s juvenile probation office, and who has been properly commissioned by being sworn in as an officer of the court to exercise the powers and duties set forth in Rule 195, the Juvenile Act, and the Child Protective Services Law.

   JUVENILE RECORD is the information collected and retained by juvenile justice agencies concerning juveniles, and arising from the initiation of delinquency proceedings, consisting of identifiable descriptions, dates and notations of arrest, written allegations, petitions, other formal charging documents, official court records, and any dispositions arising from those records. The juvenile record does not include intelligence information or investigative information that is maintained separately by law enforcement agencies.

   LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER is any person who is by law given the power to enforce the law when acting within the scope of that person’s employment.

   MEDICAL FACILITY is any hospital, urgent care facility, psychiatric or psychological ward, drug and alcohol detoxification or rehabilitation program, or any other similar facility designed to treat a juvenile medically or psychologically.

   MINOR is any person, other than a juvenile, under the age of eighteen.

   OFFICIAL COURT RECORD is the juvenile court file maintained by the clerk of courts which contains all court orders, court notices, docket entries, filed documents, evidence admitted into the record, and other court designated documents in each juvenile case.

   ORDINANCE is a legislative enactment of a political subdivision.

   PARTIES are the juvenile and the Commonwealth.

   PENAL LAWS include all statutes and embodiments of the common law, which establish, create, or define crimes or offenses, including any ordinances that may provide for placement in a juvenile facility upon a finding of delinquency or upon failure to pay a fine or penalty.

   PETITION is a formal document by which an attorney for the Commonwealth or the juvenile probation officer alleges a juvenile to be delinquent.

   PETITIONER is an attorney for the Commonwealth or a juvenile probation officer, who signs, swears to, affirms, or verifies and files a petition.

   PLACEMENT FACILITY is any facility, privately or publicly owned and operated, that identifies itself either by charter, articles of incorporation, or program description, to receive delinquent juveniles or which otherwise provides treatment to juveniles as a case disposition. Placement facilities include, but are not limited to, residential facilities, group homes, after-school programs, and day programs, whether secure or non-secure. Placement facility shall not include any county jail or state prison.

   POLICE OFFICER is any person, who is by law given the power to arrest when acting within the scope of the person’s employment.

   POLITICAL SUBDIVISION shall mean county, city, township, borough, or incorporated town or village having legislative authority.

   PROCEEDING is any stage in the juvenile delinquency process occurring once a written allegation has been submitted.

   RECORDING is the means to provide a verbatim account of a proceeding through the use of a court stenographer, audio recording, audio-visual recording, or other appropriate means.

   SERVICE PROVIDER is any entity that provides services to juveniles pursuant to a proceeding under the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq.

   SOCIAL STUDY is a pre-dispositional report, which summarizes important information concerning the juvenile to aid the court in determining the disposition.

   VERIFICATION is a written statement made by a person that the information provided is true and correct to that person’s personal knowledge, information, or belief and that any false statements are subject to the penalties of the Crimes Code, 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

   WRITTEN ALLEGATION is the document that is completed by a law enforcement officer or other person that is necessary to allege a juvenile has committed an act of delinquency.

Comment
   A party to the proceedings is not to function as the clerk of courts. Because the clerk of courts maintains the official court record, this person is to remain neutral and unbiased by having no personal connection to the proceedings.

   ‘‘Clerk of courts’’ is the person given the power under state law or local practice to maintain the official court record. See Rule 166 for additional responsibilities of the clerk of courts.

   The county institution districts, as used in the definition of ‘‘county agency,’’ in counties of the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth classes were abolished pursuant to 16 P. S. §  2161. It is the county commissioners’ duties in the counties of those classes to provide the children and youth social service agency with the necessary services for the agency to provide care for the child. See 16 P. S. §  2168.

   Under the term ‘‘court,’’ to determine if juvenile court hearing officers are permitted to hear cases, see Rule 187. See Rule 210 for the power of magisterial district judges to issue arrest warrants.

   ‘‘Destroy’’ and ‘‘expunge’’ do not have the same meaning. ‘‘Destroy’’ is to erase permanently, whereas ‘‘expunge’’ is to erase legally or seal the record. Unless authorized by rule or otherwise provided by law, no person is to have access to expunged items. Only in extraordinary circumstances would a record be opened by a court order, such as to retrieve specific information not clarified or documented correctly pursuant to Rule 173. However, specific information from juvenile records could be retained for limited purposes. See Rule 173 and its Comment.

   ‘‘Detention facility’’ is not to include any county jail, state prison, penal institution, or other facility used primarily to detain adults who have not been released on bail and who are alleged to have committed a criminal offense. However, nothing in this rule precludes the use of a county jail or state prison for minors when criminal proceedings have been commenced. For example, a minor may be detained in a county jail for a direct-file case when it is alleged a criminal offense has been committed.

   The term ‘‘disposition’’ includes all final determinations made by the court. A disposition includes a response to an adjudication of delinquency, such as sending the juvenile to a placement facility or placing the juvenile on probation. It also includes other types of final determinations made by the court. Other final determinations include a finding that the juvenile did not commit a delinquent act pursuant to Rule 408(B), a finding that the juvenile is not in need of treatment, rehabilitation, or supervision pursuant to Rule 409(A)(1), dismissing the case ‘‘with prejudice’’ prior to an adjudicatory hearing, or any other final action by the court that closes or terminates the case.

   An ‘‘educational decision maker’’ is to be appointed by court order. The scope of the appointment is limited to decisions regarding the juvenile’s education. The educational decision maker acts as the juvenile’s spokesperson on all matters regarding education unless the court specifically limits the authority of the educational decision maker. The educational decision maker holds educational and privacy rights as the juvenile’s guardian for purposes of 20 U.S.C. §  1232g and 34 C.F.R. §  99.3. See also Rule 147(C) for the duties and responsibilities of an educational decision maker.

   ‘‘Health care’’ includes, but is not limited to, routine physical check-ups and examinations; emergency health care; surgeries; exploratory testing; psychological exams, counseling, therapy and treatment programs; drug and alcohol treatment; support groups; routine eye examinations and procedures; teeth cleanings, fluoride treatments, fillings, preventative dental treatments, root canals, and other dental surgeries; and any other examination or treatment relating to any physical, mental, and dental needs of the juvenile.

   The term ‘‘intelligence information’’ may include information on prescribing, dispensing, selling, obtaining, or using a controlled substance as defined in Controlled Substance, Drug, Device and Cosmetic Act, 35 P. S. §  780-101 et seq.

   The term ‘‘judge’’ refers to a judge of the Court of Common Pleas, including senior judges when they are properly certified. It does not include juvenile court hearing officers or magisterial district judges. Magisterial district judges, however, are included within the definition of ‘‘court’’ when they have the power to issue arrest warrants pursuant to Rule 210. See discussion supra under definition of ‘‘court.’’ Arrest warrants are distinguished from bench warrants pursuant to Rules 140 and 141. Only judges of the Court of Common Pleas may issue bench warrants if the juvenile: 1) fails to appear at a hearing; or 2) absconds from the court’s supervision.

   A ‘‘juvenile’’ must be at least ten years old and must not have reached the age of eighteen at the time of the commission of a delinquent act for a delinquency petition to be filed. If a child is under the age of ten at the time of the commission of a delinquent act, a dependency petition may be filed pursuant to Pa.R.J.C.P. 1100 et seq., and the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq. ‘‘Juvenile’’ not only includes any person who is at least ten years of age and under twenty-one years of age if the commission of the alleged delinquent act occurred prior to the juvenile’s eighteenth birthday, but also includes any person who is under the juvenile court’s jurisdiction until termination of court supervision pursuant to Rules 631 and 632, which is to end no later than the juvenile’s twenty-first birthday.

   A ‘‘juvenile probation officer’’ is an officer of the court. ‘‘Properly commissioned’’ as used in the definition of a juvenile probation officer includes the swearing in under oath or affirmation and receipt of a document, certificate, or order of the court memorializing the authority conferred upon the juvenile probation officer by the court.

   A properly commissioned juvenile probation officer is vested with all the powers and duties set forth in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6304, and the power to take a child into protective custody as a duly authorized officer of the court pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6324 unless the President Judge has limited such authority pursuant to Rule 195. See also 23 Pa.C.S. §  6315.

   ‘‘Juvenile records,’’ as used in these Rules, do not include investigative and intelligence information kept separately by law enforcement agencies or the attorney for the Commonwealth. Those documents kept separately by law enforcement agencies are not subject to Rules 170 and 172. See 18 Pa.C.S. § §  9105 & 9106. See also Rule 173 for retention of specific information from juvenile records.

   Neither the definition of ‘‘law enforcement officer’’ nor the definition of ‘‘police officer’’ gives the power of arrest to any person who is not otherwise given that power by law.

   The ‘‘official court record’’ is to contain all court orders, court notices, docket entries, filed documents, evidence admitted into the record, and other court designated documents in each juvenile case. The court may also designate any document to be a part of the record. It does not include items contained in juvenile probation files unless they are made a part of the official court record by being filed with the clerk of courts.

   A ‘‘petition’’ and a ‘‘written allegation’’ are two separate documents and serve two distinct functions. A ‘‘written allegation’’ is the document that initiates juvenile delinquency proceedings. Usually, the ‘‘written allegation’’ will be submitted by a law enforcement officer and will allege that the juvenile has committed a delinquent act that comes within the jurisdiction of the juvenile court. This document may have been formerly known as a ‘‘probable cause affidavit,’’ ‘‘complaint,’’ ‘‘police paper,’’ ‘‘charge form,’’ ‘‘allegation of delinquency,’’ or the like. Once this document is submitted, a preliminary determination of the juvenile court’s jurisdiction is to be made. Informal adjustment and other diversionary programs may be pursued. If the attorney for the Commonwealth or the juvenile probation officer determines that formal juvenile court action is necessary, a petition is then filed.

   ‘‘Placement facility’’ is not to include any county jail, state prison, penal institution, or other facility used primarily for the execution of sentences of adults convicted of a crime. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6352(b) for disposition of a delinquent juvenile.

   A ‘‘pre-dispositional report’’ or ‘‘social study’’ includes, but is not limited to, the compilation of the juvenile’s family history and demographics; school record and educational issues; job history; talents and extra-curricular activities; prior delinquency or dependency involvement with the court; health care issues; psychological or psychiatric history, examinations, and reports; drug and alcohol examinations, treatments, and reports; needs regarding disability; and any other relevant information concerning the juvenile to help the court understand any issues relating to the juvenile.

   The definition of ‘‘proceeding’’ includes all formal stages when a written allegation has been submitted, including all subsequent proceedings until supervision is terminated pursuant to Rules 631 or 632. A hearing on a motion alleging probation violations is one of these subsequent stages. See Rule 612 for revocation of probation.

   For definition of ‘‘delinquent act,’’ see 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302.

   Official Note

   Rule 120 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 30, 2005, effective immediately. Amended March 23, 2007, effective August 1, 2007. Amended February 26, 2008, effective June 1, 2008. Amended July 28, 2009, effective immediately. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended May 20, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended September 7, 2011, effective immediately. Amended September 20, 2011, effective November 1, 2011. Amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012. Amended June 24, 2013, effective January 1, 2014. Amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately. Amended March 10, 2014, effective immediately. Amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 186 (January 14, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 37 Pa.B. 1483 (April 7, 2007).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 1142 (March 8, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendment to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 4743 (August 8, 2009).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2319 (May 7, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2839 (June 4, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 5062 (September 24, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 5355 (October 8, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 3203 (June 9, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 3938 (July 13, 2013).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 3941 (July 13, 2013).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 44 Pa.B. 1868 (March 29, 2014).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 44 Pa.B. 5447 (August 16, 2014).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 120 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 120 amended December 30, 2005, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 186; amended March 23, 2007, effective August 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 1483; amended February 28, 2008, effective June 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1142; amended July 28, 2009, effective immediately, 39 Pa.B. 4743; amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended May 20, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2839; amended September 7, 2011, effective immediately, 41 Pa.B. 5062; amended September 20, 2011, effective November 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 5355; amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3203; amended June 24, 2013, effective January 1, 2014, 43 Pa.B. 3941; amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately, 43 Pa.B. 3938; amended March 10, 2014, effective immediately, 44 Pa.B. 1868; amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 5447; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (373443) to (373449).

Rule 121. Local Rules.
 The requirements for the promulgation and amendment of local procedural rules for delinquency proceedings are set forth in Pennsylvania Rule of Judicial Administration 103(d).

Comment
   Effective August 1, 2016, Pennsylvania Rule of Judicial Administration 103 was amended to consolidate and include all local rulemaking requirements. Accordingly, the rulemaking requirements under Pa.R.J.C.P. 121 for the promulgation and amendment of local procedural rules for delinquency proceedings were rescinded and replaced. All local rules previously promulgated in accordance with the requirements of Pa.R.J.C.P. 121 prior to rescission of this rule remain effective upon compilation and publication pursuant to Pa.R.J.A. No. 103(d)(7).

   Official Note

   Rule 121 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 12, 2008, effective immediately. Amended January 11, 2010, effective March 1, 2010. Rescinded and replaced June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 121 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 121 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 7080 (December 27, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 121 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 518 (January 23, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the rescission and replacement of Rule 121 published with the Court’s Order at 46 Pa.B. 3808 (July 16, 2016).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 121 amended December 12, 2008, effective immediately, 38 Pa.B. 7080; amended January 11, 2010, effective March 1, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 518; rescinded and replaced June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3808. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (347937) to (347940).

Rule 122. Continuances.
 A.  Generally. In the interests of justice, the court may grant a continuance on its own motion or the motion of either party. On the record, the court shall identify the moving party and state its reasons for granting or denying the continuance.

 B.  Notice and rescheduling. If a continuance is granted, all persons summoned to appear shall be notified of the date, place, and time of the rescheduled hearing.

Comment
   A party seeking a continuance should notify the court and opposing counsel as soon as possible. Whenever possible, given the time constraints, notice should be written.

   Under paragraph (B), if a person is summoned to appear and the case is continued, the party is presumed to be under the scope of the original summons and a new summons is not necessary.

   See Rule 344 and 345 for motion procedures.

   Official Note

   Rule 122 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 122 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 123. Subpoenas.
 A.  Contents. A subpoena in a delinquency case shall:

   1)  order the witness named to appear before the court at the date, time, and place specified;

   2)  order the witness to bring any items identified or described;

   3)  state on whose behalf the witness is being ordered to testify; and

   4)  state the identity, address, and phone number of the person who applied for the subpoena.

 B.  Service.

   1)  Method of Service. A subpoena shall be served upon a witness by:

     a)   in-person delivery;

     b)   registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or

     c)   by first class mail.

   2)  Proof of Service. The following shall be prima facie evidence of service of the subpoena:

     a)   A completed return receipt;

     b)   Hand signed receipt of personal delivery; or

     c)   Affidavit of in-person delivery signed by a process server.

 C.  Duration. A subpoena shall remain in force until the end of a proceeding.

 D.  Bench Warrant. If any subpoenaed person fails to appear for the hearing and the court finds that sufficient notice was given, the judge may issue a bench warrant pursuant to Rule 140.

 E.  Parental notification.

   1)  Generally. If a witness is a minor, the witness’s guardian shall be notified that the minor has been subpoenaed.

     a)   notified that the minor has been subpoenaed; and

     b)   provided with a copy of the subpoena.

   2)  Exception. Upon prior court approval and good cause shown, a subpoena may be served upon a minor without such notification to the guardian. If and when necessary, request for such prior court approval may be obtained ex parte.

Comment
   Prior to issuing a bench warrant for a minor, the judge should determine if the guardian of the witness was served. Nothing in these rules gives the guardians of witnesses legal standing in the matter being heard by the court or creates a right for witnesses to have their guardians present. In addition, lack of required notice to the guardian does not prevent the minor witness from testifying. See Rule 140 for procedures on bench warrants.

   For power to compel attendance, see 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333. Nothing in this rule prohibits the court from holding a contempt hearing. See In re Crawford, 360 Pa. Super. 36, 519 A.2d 978 (1987) for punishing juveniles for contempt.

   Any person may file a motion to quash the subpoena for a witness and/or for requested items. The court is to rule on the motion prior to the production of the witness or the items.

   Official Note

   Rule 123 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended February 26, 2008, effective June 1, 2008. Amended May 12, 2008, effective immediately. Amended September 16, 2009, effectively immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 123 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 123 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 2360 (May 24, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 123 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 5544 (September 26, 2009).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 123 amended February 26, 2008, effective June 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1142; amended May 12, 2008, effective May 12, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 2360; amended September 16, 2009, effective immediately, 39 Pa.B. 5544. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (342282) and (335179).

Rule 124. Summons and Notice.
 A)  Requirements of the summons. The summons shall:

   1)  be in writing;

   2)  set forth the date, time, and place of the hearing;

   3)  instruct the juvenile about the juvenile’s right to counsel, and if the juvenile cannot afford counsel, the right to assigned counsel; and

   4)  give a warning stating that the failure to appear for the hearing may result in arrest.

 B)  Method of Service. Summons or notice shall be served:

   1)  in-person; or

   2)  by first-class mail.

 C)  Bench Warrant. If any summoned person fails to appear for the hearing and the judge finds that sufficient notice was given, the court may issue a bench warrant pursuant to Rule 140.

Comment
   See Rules 360(A), 500(A), and 600(A) for service of the guardian for a proceeding. Nothing in these rules gives the guardians of juveniles legal standing in the matter being heard by the court or creates a right for juveniles to have their guardians present. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6310(e). See Rule 140 for procedures on bench warrants.

   Official Note

   Rule 124 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005; amended February 26, 2008, effective June 1, 2008.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 124 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 1145 (March 8, 2008).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 124 amended February 28, 2008, effective June 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1142. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (310555) to (310556).

Rule 125. Habeas Corpus.
 A.  The petition for writ of habeas corpus challenging the legality of the juvenile’s detention or placement shall be filed with the clerk of courts of the judicial district in which the order directing the juvenile’s detention or placement was entered.

 B.  The clerk of courts shall forward the petition immediately to the presiding juvenile court judge for review and shall identify the petition as time sensitive.

Comment
   See Rules 344 and 345 for motion procedures.

   See In re Crouse, 4 Whart. 9 (Pa. 1839).

   Official Note

   Rule 125 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 126. Defects in Form, Content, or Procedure.
 A juvenile shall not be discharged, nor shall a case be dismissed, because of a defect in the form or content of the petition, written allegation, or warrant, or a defect in the procedures of these rules, unless the juvenile raises the defect prior to the commencement of the adjudicatory hearing, and the defect is prejudicial to the rights of the juvenile.

Comment
   Nothing in this rule prevents the amendment of a written allegation or petition or the filing of a new written allegation, a new petition, or the reissuance of process.

   See Rule 334 for amendment of a petition.

   Official Note

   Rule 126 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 126 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 127. Recording and Transcribing Juvenile Court Proceedings.
 A.  Recording. There shall be a recording of all juvenile delinquency proceedings, including proceedings conducted by juvenile court hearing officers, except as provided in Rule 242(B)(2).

 B.  Transcribing. The transcript shall be requested in accordance with Pa.R.J.A. No. 4007.

 C.  Correcting or Modifying. At any time before an appeal is taken, the transcript may be corrected, and the record may be corrected or modified, in the same manner as is provided by Pa.R.A.P. 1922(c) and Pa.R.A.P. 1926, respectively.

Comment
   Some form of record or transcript is necessary to permit meaningful consideration of claims of error and effective appellate review. See, e.g., Pa.R.A.P. 1922, 1923, 1924; Commonwealth v. Fields, 387 A.2d 83 (Pa. 1978); Commonwealth v. Shields, 383 A.2d 844 (Pa. 1978). No substantive change in law is intended by this rule; rather it is intended to provide a mechanism to ensure appropriate recording and transcribing of court proceedings. Under Rule 800, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6336(c) was suspended only to the extent that proceedings are to be recorded, except as provided in Rule 242(B)(2). Full minutes are not recordings. This change was to effectuate effective appellate review.

   The rule is intended to apply to all juvenile delinquency proceedings and to ensure all proceedings are recorded, including proceedings before juvenile court hearing officers, with the exception of detention hearings.

   Paragraph (B) is not intended to preclude the court from ordering a transcript in the absence of a request.

   Paragraph (C) provides a method for correcting transcripts and correcting or modifying the record before an appeal is taken by incorporating Pa.R.A.P. 1922(c) and Pa.R.A.P. 1926, which otherwise apply only after an appeal has been taken.

   Official Note

   Rule 127 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017. Amended August 3, 2020; effective October 1, 2020.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 127 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 127 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 127 published with the Court’s Order at 50 Pa.B. 4128 (August 15, 2020).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 127 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313; amended August 3, 2020, effective October 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 4128. Immediately preceding text appears at seral pages (387329) to (387330).

Rule 128. Presence at Proceedings.
 A. General rule. The juvenile shall be present at all proceedings unless the exceptions of paragraph (B) apply.

 B. Exceptions.

   1)  Absence from proceedings. The court may proceed with a hearing in the absence of the juvenile if the court finds that the juvenile was properly subpoenaed or summoned to appear and has willfully failed to attend, and the juvenile’s attorney is present.

   2)  Exclusion from proceedings. The juvenile may be excluded from a proceeding only for good cause shown. If the juvenile is so excluded, the juvenile’s attorney shall be present.

 C. Advanced communication technology. A juvenile may appear utilizing advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 129.

 D. Order appearance. The court may order the guardian to bring the juvenile and to attend the proceeding.

Comment
   The court has discretion whether to proceed if the court finds that the juvenile received proper notice of the hearing and has willfully failed to appear.

   Pursuant to paragraph (B)(2), a juvenile may be excluded only for good cause shown. For example, a juvenile may be removed from the courtroom after repeated warnings for disruptive behavior.

   Requiring the juvenile’s attorney to be present protects the juvenile’s interest if the proceeding is conducted in the juvenile’s absence. However, unless good cause is shown, a juvenile should appear in court.

   Cf. Commonwealth v. Ford, 650 A.2d 433 (Pa. 1994); Commonwealth v. Sullens, 619 A.2d 1349 (Pa. 1992).

   Nothing in these rules creates a right of a juvenile to have his or her guardian present. See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6310, 6335(b), and 6336.1.

   Official Note

   Rule 128 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 128 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 128 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2327 (May 7, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 128 amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (332722).

Rule 129. Appearance by Advanced Communication Technology.
 A. Generally.

   1)  The juvenile or a witness may appear at a proceeding by utilizing advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 140, 141, 242, 394, 406, 512, and 610.

   2)  At a minimum, the juvenile shall appear in person at least once a year.

 B. Counsel.

   1)  The juvenile shall be permitted to confer with counsel before entering into an agreement to appear utilizing advanced communication technology.

   2)  The juvenile shall be permitted to communicate fully and confidentially with counsel immediately prior to and during the proceeding.

Comment
   Paragraph (A) requires that every juvenile is to appear in person at least once a year. This includes juveniles who are not removed from their homes but who are under the court’s supervision.

   This rule is not intended to compel the use of advanced communication technology but rather permit appearance by telephone or by a system providing two-way simultaneous audio-visual communication. Advanced communication technology may be utilized for the convenience of witnesses; efficient use of resources; or when a party or witness has an illness, is incarcerated, or is otherwise in a remote location. See Rules 140, 141, 242, 394, 406, 512, and 610 for specific requirements for the use of advanced communication technology.

   Additionally, special care is to be taken when utilizing advanced communication technology to prevent disclosure of sensitive information to unauthorized persons or entities and to prevent a breach of confidentiality between the juvenile and the juvenile’s attorney.

   Pursuant to paragraph (B)(1), the juvenile is to be permitted to confer with counsel prior to agreeing to a proceeding utilizing advanced communication technology. Pursuant to paragraph (B)(2), the juvenile is permitted to confer with counsel privately prior to and during the proceedings. The juvenile is to be afforded all the same rights as if the hearing was held with all parties present in the courtroom.

   Official Note

   Rule 129 adopted April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 129 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2327 (May 7, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 129 adopted April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (332722).

Rule 130. Court Fees Prohibited for Advanced Communication Technology.
 The court shall not impose any fees upon the juvenile or witness for utilizing advanced communication technology.

Comment
   See March 13, 2002 Order of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania (No. 241 Judicial Administration; Doc. No. 1) which provides that no fees shall be imposed against a defendant in a criminal proceeding for the utilization of advanced communication technology.

   Official Note

   Rule 130 adopted April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 130 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2327 (May 7, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 130 adopted April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (332722).

Rule 131. Guardian’s Presence.
 The court may, when the court determines that it is in the best interest of the juvenile, order a guardian of a juvenile to be present at and to bring the juvenile to any proceeding. The court shall insure timely notice of the proceeding to the guardian.

Comment
   Nothing in these rules gives the guardian legal standing in the matter being heard by the court or creates a right of a juvenile to have his or her guardian present. See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6310, 6335(b), 6336.1.

   Official Note

   Rule 131 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 131 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 132. Victim’s Presence.
 The victim, counsel for the victim, and other persons accompanying a victim for his or her assistance shall be permitted to attend the proceedings, except as provided in Rule 311.

Comment
   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6336(d) and 18 P. S. §  11.201 et seq.

   The court has discretion to maintain confidentiality of mental health, medical, or juvenile institutional documents or juvenile probation reports. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6336(f).

   Official Note

   Rule 132 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 132 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 135. Captions.
 All court documents and orders shall contain a caption that includes the following:

   1)  ‘‘In the interest of (the juvenile’s name);’’

   2)  the juvenile’s case docket number; and

   3)  the name of the court.

   Official Note

   Rule 135 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 136. Ex Parte Communication.
 A)  Unless otherwise authorized by law, no person shall communicate with the court in any way regarding matters pending before the court unless all parties:

   1)  are present or have been copied if the communication is written or in electronic form; or

   2)  have waived their presence or right to receive the communication.

 B)  If the court receives any ex parte communication, the court shall inform all parties of the communication and its content.

Comment
   No ex parte communications with the court are to occur. Communications should include all parties, such as the filing of a motion, or conducting a conference or a hearing.

   Attorneys are bound by the Rules of Professional Conduct. See Rules of Professional Conduct Rule 3.5(b). Judges are bound by the Code of Judicial Conduct. See Code of Judicial Conduct Rule 2.9.

   Attorneys and judges understand the impropriety of ex parte communications regarding matters pending before the court but many participants, such as probation officers and service providers, are not attorneys or judges. This rule ensures that all parties have received the same information that is being presented to the court so that it may be challenged or supplemented.

   Administrative matters are not considered ex parte communications.

   Official Note

   Rule 136 adopted April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended April 29, 2016, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 136 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendment of Rule 136 published with the Court’s Order at 46 Pa.B. 2411 (May 14, 2016).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 136 adopted April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended April 29, 2016, effective immediately, 46 Pa.B. 2411. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (357275).

Rule 137. Public Discussion by Court Personnel of Pending Matters.
 All court personnel including, among others, juvenile probation officers, court clerks, bailiffs, tipstaffs, sheriffs, and court stenographers, are prohibited from disclosing to any person, without authorization from the court, information relating to a pending juvenile case that is not part of the court record otherwise avail-able to the public or not part of the record in an open proceeding. This rule specifically prohibits the divulgence of information concerning arguments and proceedings that are closed proceedings, held in chambers, or otherwise outside the presence of the public.

   Official Note

   Rule 130 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Renumbered Rule 137 and amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Report:

   Final Report explaining the renumbering of 130 to 137 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2319 (May 7, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 137 renumbered from Rule 130 and amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Immediately preceding text appeaars at serial page (332722).

Rule 138. Citation of Authorities.
 Citation of authorities in matters subject to these rules shall be in accordance with Pa.R.A.P. 126.

Comment
   See also 210 Pa. Code §  65.37 and Wenk v. State Farm Fire and Casualty Co., 228 A.3d 540, 552 n.11 (Pa. Super. 2020) for citing to non-precedential decisions of the Superior Court; and Pa.R.A.P. 3716 and 210 Pa. Code §  69.414 for citing to non-precedential decisions of the Commonwealth Court.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 138 added February 13, 2023, effective April 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1055.

Rule 139. Use of Restraints on the Juvenile.
 Restraints shall be removed prior to the commencement of a proceeding unless the court determines on the record, after providing the juvenile an opportunity to be heard, that they are necessary to prevent:

   1)  physical harm to the juvenile or another person;

   2)  disruptive courtroom behavior, evidenced by a history of behavior that created potentially harmful situations or presented substantial risk of physical harm; or

   3)  the juvenile, evidenced by an escape history or other relevant factors, from fleeing the courtroom.

Comment
   The use of any restraints, such as handcuffs, chains, shackles, irons, or straitjackets, is highly discouraged. The routine use of restraints on juveniles is a practice contrary to the philosophy of balanced and restorative justice and undermines the goals of providing treatment, supervision, and rehabilitation to juveniles. Therefore, restraints should not be used in most instances. However, there are some circumstances when juveniles need to be restrained to protect themselves and others and to maintain security in the courtroom. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 for purposes of the Juvenile Act.

   Official Note

   Rule 139 adopted April 26, 2011, effective June 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 139 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2429 (May 14, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 139 adopted April 26, 2011, effective June 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2429.

Rule 140. Bench Warrants for Failure to Appear at Hearings.
 (a)  Issuance of Warrant.

   (1)  Before a bench warrant may be issued by a judge, the judge shall find that the subpoenaed or summoned person received sufficient notice of the hearing and failed to appear.

   (2)  For the purpose of a bench warrant, a judge may not find notice solely based on first-class mail service.

 (b)  Entry of Warrant Information. Upon being notified by the court, the juvenile probation officer or other court designee shall enter or request that a law enforcement officer enter the bench warrant in all appropriate registries.

 (c)  Juvenile.

   (1)  Appearance of Juvenile. Detention.

     (i)   When a juvenile is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant, the juvenile shall appear, without unnecessary delay, before the judge who issued the warrant, or a judge or juvenile court hearing officer designated by the President Judge to hear bench warrants.

     (ii)   If the juvenile does not appear before a judge or juvenile court hearing officer, the juvenile shall be released unless:

       (A)   the warrant specifically orders detention of the juvenile; or

       (B)   there are circumstances learned at the time of the surrender or apprehension that warrant detention of the juvenile.

     (iii)   If a juvenile is detained, pending a hearing pursuant to subdivision (c)(2), the juvenile shall be detained in a detention facility or other facility either designated in the bench warrant or directed by the court at the time the juvenile is taken into custody.

   (2)  Prompt Hearing.

     (i)   If a juvenile is detained, the juvenile shall appear before the judge who issued the warrant, a judge or juvenile court hearing officer designated by the President Judge to hear bench warrants, or an out-of-county judge or juvenile court hearing officer pursuant to subdivision (c)(4) within 72 hours.

     (ii)   If the juvenile does not appear before a judge or juvenile court hearing officer within this time, the juvenile shall be released.

   (3)  Notification of Guardian. If a juvenile is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant, the arresting officer shall immediately notify the juvenile’s guardian of the juvenile’s whereabouts and the reasons for the issuance of the bench warrant.

   (4)  Out-of-County Custody.

     (i)   If a juvenile is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant in a county other than the county of issuance, the county of issuance shall be notified immediately.

     (ii)   Arrangements to transport the juvenile shall be made immediately.

     (iii)   If transportation cannot be arranged immediately, then the juvenile shall appear, without unnecessary delay, before a judge or juvenile court hearing officer of the county where the juvenile is found.

     (iv)   The judge or juvenile court hearing officer shall identify the juvenile as the subject of the warrant, decide whether detention is warranted, and order or recommend that arrangements be made to transport the juvenile to the county of issuance.

   (5)  Time Requirements. The time requirements of Rules 240, 391, 404, 510, and 605 shall be followed.

 (d)  Witnesses.

   (1)  Appearance of Witness.

     (i)   When a witness is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant, the witness shall appear, without unnecessary delay, before the judge who issued the warrant, or a judge or juvenile court hearing officer designated by the President Judge to hear bench warrants.

     (ii)   If the witness does not appear before a judge or juvenile court hearing officer, the witness shall be released unless the warrant specifically orders detention of the witness.

     (iii)   A motion for detention as a witness may be filed at any time before or after the issuance of a bench warrant. The judge may order or the juvenile court hearing officer may recommend detention of the witness pending a hearing.

       (A)   Minor. If a detained witness is a minor, the witness shall be detained in a detention facility.

       (B)   Adult. If a detained witness is an adult, the witness shall be detained at the county jail.

   (2)  Prompt Hearing.

     (i)   If a witness is detained pursuant to subdivision (d)(1)(iii) or transported to the county of issuance pursuant to subdivision (d)(4)(vi), the witness shall appear before the judge or juvenile court hearing officer by the next business day.

     (ii)   If the witness does not appear before a judge or juvenile court hearing officer within this time, the witness shall be released.

   (3)  Notification of Guardian. If a witness who is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant is a minor, the arresting officer shall immediately notify the witness’s guardian of the witness’s whereabouts and the reasons for the issuance of the bench warrant.

   (4)  Out-of-County Custody.

     (i)   If a witness is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant in a county other than the county of issuance, the county of issuance shall be notified immediately.

     (ii)   The witness shall appear, without unnecessary delay and within the next business day, before a judge or juvenile court hearing officer of the county where the witness is found.

     (iii)   The judge or juvenile court hearing officer will identify the witness as the subject of the warrant, decide whether detention as a witness is warranted, and order or recommend that arrangements be made to transport the witness to the county of issuance.

     (iv)   Arrangements to transport the witness shall be made immediately.

     (v)   If transportation cannot be arranged immediately, the witness shall be released unless the warrant or other order of court specifically orders detention of the witness.

       (A)   Minor. If the witness is a minor, the witness may be detained in an out-of-county detention facility.

       (B)   Adult. If the witness is an adult, the witness may be detained in an out-of-county jail.

     (vi)   If detention is ordered, the witness shall be transported to the county of issuance within 72 hours from the execution of the warrant.

     (vii)   If the time requirements of this subdivision are not met, the witness shall be released.

 (e)  Advanced Communication Technology. A court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 129 for the appearance of a juvenile or a witness unless good cause is shown otherwise.

 (f)  Return and Execution of Warrant for Juveniles and Witnesses.

   (1)  The bench warrant shall be executed without unnecessary delay.

   (2)  The bench warrant shall be returned to the judge who issued the warrant, or to the judge or juvenile court hearing officer designated by the President Judge to hear bench warrants.

   (3)  When the bench warrant is executed, the arresting officer shall immediately execute a return of the warrant with the judge.

   (4)  Upon the return of the warrant, the judge shall vacate the bench warrant.

   (5)  Once the warrant is vacated, the juvenile probation officer or other court designee shall remove or request that a law enforcement officer remove the bench warrant in all appropriate registries.

Comment:
   42 Pa.C.S. §  6335(c) was suspended to the extent it is inconsistent with this rule. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 800(2).

   Pursuant to subdivision (a), the judge is to ensure that the person received sufficient notice of the hearing and failed to attend. The judge may order that the person be served in-person or by certified mail, return receipt. The judge may rely on first-class mail service if additional evidence of sufficient notice is presented. For example, testimony that the person was told in person about the hearing is sufficient notice. Before issuing a bench warrant, the judge should determine if the guardian was notified.

   The fact that the juvenile or witness did not attend a hearing is not sufficient evidence, alone, for a bench warrant. A judge may issue a bench warrant if the judge finds that a subpoenaed or summoned person failed to appear, and sufficient notice was given.

   This rule does not prohibit the juvenile probation office from recommending detention for a juvenile. For procedures if a juvenile is detained under those circumstances, see Pa.R.J.C.P. 240—243.

   Pursuant to subdivision (c), a ‘‘juvenile’’ is the subject of the delinquency proceedings. If a witness is a child, the witness is referred to as a ‘‘minor.’’ A juvenile is subject to subdivision (c) and a minor witness is subject to subdivision (d). See also Pa.R.J.C.P. 120 (defining ‘‘juvenile’’ and ‘‘minor’’).

   Pursuant to subdivision (c)(1)(i), the juvenile is to immediately appear before the judge who issued the bench warrant, or a judge or juvenile court hearing officer designated by the President Judge of that county to hear bench warrants. This provision allows the judge or juvenile court hearing officer the discretion to postpone a hearing, for example, the adjudicatory hearing, until later in the same day while the police officer, sheriff, or juvenile probation officer retrieves the juvenile. If taken into custody on the same day, the juvenile is to immediately appear before the court for the hearing. However, pursuant to subdivision (c)(1)(ii), if a bench warrant specifically provides that the juvenile may be detained in a detention facility, or there are circumstances apparent at the time of the surrender or apprehension that merit detention of the juvenile, the juvenile may be detained without having to appear before the judge or juvenile court hearing officer until a hearing within 72 hours under subdivision (c)(2)(i). The juvenile is not to languish in a detention facility. If a hearing is not held promptly, the juvenile is to be released.

   Subdivision (c)(1)(iii) is intended to permit, as an option, the warrant to contain contact information so the court can designate where the juvenile should be taken after the juvenile is apprehended. The information allows the arresting officer to contact the court or the court’s designee to ascertain where the juvenile should be detained based on current availability within facilities.

   At the 72-hour hearing, the judge or juvenile court hearing officer may determine that the juvenile willfully failed to appear and may continue the detention of the juvenile until the rescheduled hearing. If the juvenile is detained, the rescheduled hearing is governed by the time requirements provided elsewhere in these rules. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 240, 391, 404, 510, and 605.

   Under subdivisions (c)(2) and (c)(4), a juvenile taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant is to have a hearing within 72 hours regardless of where the juvenile is found. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 240(C).

   Pursuant to subdivision (c)(4), the juvenile may be detained out-of-county until transportation arrangements can be made.

   Pursuant to subdivision (d)(1)(i), a witness is to immediately appear before the judge who issued the bench warrant or a judge or juvenile court hearing officer designated by the President Judge of that county to hear bench warrants. This provision allows the judge or juvenile court hearing officer the discretion to postpone a hearing, for example, an adjudicatory hearing, until later in the same day while the police officer, sheriff, or juvenile probation officer retrieves the witness. The witness is to immediately appear before the court for the hearing. However, pursuant to subdivision (d)(1)(ii), if the judge or juvenile court hearing officer is not available, the witness is to be released immediately unless the warrant specifically orders detention. Pursuant to subdivision (d)(1)(iii), a motion for detention as a witness may be filed. If the witness is detained, a prompt hearing pursuant to subdivision (d)(2) is to be held by the next business day or the witness is to be released.

   At the hearing pursuant to subdivision (d)(2)(i), the judge or juvenile court hearing officer may determine that the witness willfully failed to appear and find or recommend that the witness is in contempt of court, or that the witness is in need of protective custody. If the judge or juvenile court hearing officer has made one of these findings, the judge may continue the detention of the witness until the rescheduled hearing. The judge or juvenile court hearing officer should schedule the hearing as soon as possible. In any event, if the witness is detained, the rescheduled hearing must be conducted by the specific time requirements provided elsewhere in these rules. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 240, 391, 404, 510, and 605.

   Pursuant to subdivision (d)(4)(ii), a witness is to appear before an out-of-county judge or juvenile court hearing officer by the next business day unless the witness can appear before the judge who issued the bench warrant within this time. When the witness is transported back to the county of issuance within 72 hours of the execution of the bench warrant, the witness is to appear before the court by the next business day.

   ‘‘Vacated,’’ as used in subdivision (f)(4), denotes that the bench warrant has been served, dissolved, executed, dismissed, canceled, returned, or any other similar language used by the judge to terminate the warrant. The bench warrant is no longer in effect once it has been vacated.

   The intent of subdivision (f)(5) is to prevent the juvenile from being taken into custody on the same warrant if the juvenile is released.

   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  4132 for punishment of contempt for juveniles and witnesses.

   If there is a bench warrant issued, juvenile court hearing officers may hear cases in which the petition alleges only misdemeanors. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 187(A)(2) and (A)(3). The purpose of the hearing for juveniles pursuant to subdivision (c)(2)(i) or the hearing for witnesses pursuant to subdivision (d)(2)(i) is to determine if the juvenile or witness willfully failed to appear and if continued detention is necessary.

   Pursuant to Rule 191, the juvenile court hearing officer is to submit his or her findings and recommendation to the court. In bench warrant cases, the juvenile court hearing officer should immediately take his or her recommendation to the judge so the judge can make the final determination of whether the juvenile or witness should be released. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 191(D).

   If the findings and recommendation are not taken immediately to the judge, the juvenile court hearing officer is to submit the recommendation within one business day. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 191(C).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 140 adopted February 26, 2008, effective June 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1142; amended September 30, 2009, effective January 1, 2010, 39 Pa.B. 6029; amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended September 20, 2011, effective November 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 5355; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313; amended May 4, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 2939; amended April 25, 2025, effective October 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 3366. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (413444), (387336) to (387338) and (392303).

Rule 141. Bench Warrants for Absconders.
 (a)  Issuance of Warrant. The juvenile probation officer shall immediately notify the court upon notification or recognition that a juvenile has absconded from the supervision of the court. The court may issue a bench warrant for the juvenile.

 (b)  Entry of Warrant Information. Upon being notified by the court, the juvenile probation officer or other court designee shall enter or request that a law enforcement officer enter the bench warrant in all appropriate registries.

 (c)  Detention. The juvenile shall be detained, pending a hearing pursuant to subdivision (d), in a detention facility or other facility either designated in the bench warrant or directed by the court at the time the juvenile is taken into custody. If the juvenile is taken into custody in a county other than the county of issuance, the juvenile shall be transported back to the county of issuance prior to the hearing pursuant to subdivision (d).

 (d)  Prompt Hearing.

   (1)  The juvenile shall have a detention hearing within 72 hours of the placement in detention.

   (2)  A court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 129 for the appearance of a juvenile or a witness unless good cause is shown otherwise.

 (e)  Time Requirements. The time requirements of Rules 240, 391, 404, 510, and 605 shall be followed.

 (f)  Notification of Guardian. When the juvenile is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant, the arresting officer shall immediately notify the juvenile’s guardian of the juvenile’s whereabouts and the reasons for the issuance of the bench warrant.

 (g)  Return and Execution of Warrant.

   (1)  The bench warrant shall be executed without unnecessary delay.

   (2)  The bench warrant shall be returned to the judge who issued the warrant or to the judge designated by the President Judge to hear bench warrants.

   (3)  When the bench warrant is executed, the arresting officer shall immediately execute a return of the warrant with the judge.

   (4)  Upon the return of the warrant, the judge shall vacate the bench warrant.

   (5)  Once the warrant is vacated, the court shall order the probation officer or other court designee to remove or request that a law enforcement officer remove the warrant from all appropriate registries.

Comment:
   Pursuant to subdivision (a), the court may issue a bench warrant if a juvenile: 1) escapes from a placement facility, detention facility, shelter care facility, foster-care, or other court-ordered program or placement; 2) fails to report to juvenile probation; 3) cannot be located by juvenile probation; or 4) otherwise leaves the jurisdiction of the court.

   Pursuant to subdivision (b), the court is to notify the juvenile probation officer or another court designee to enter or request that a law enforcement officer enter the bench warrant in all appropriate registries, such as JNET, CLEAN, PCIC, and NCIC.

   Subdivision (c) is intended to permit, as an option, the warrant to contain contact information so the court can designate where the juvenile should be taken after the juvenile is apprehended. The information allows the arresting officer to contact the court or the court’s designee to ascertain where the juvenile should be detained based on current availability within facilities.

   Pursuant to subdivisions (d)(1) and (e), the time requirements of the Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure are to apply, including the 72-hour detention hearing. See, e.g., Pa.R.J.C.P. 240, 391, 404, 510, and 605.

   The ‘‘judge’’ in subdivision (g)(3) is the judge who issued the warrant or the judge designated by the President Judge to hear warrants pursuant to subdivision (g)(2).

   ‘‘Vacated,’’ as used in subdivision (g)(4), denotes that the bench warrant has been served, dissolved, executed, dismissed, canceled, returned, or any other similar language used by the judge to terminate the warrant. The bench warrant is no longer in effect once it has been vacated.

   The intent of subdivision (g)(5) is to prevent the juvenile from being taken into custody on the same warrant if the juvenile is released.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 141 adopted September 30, 2009, effective January 1, 2010, 39 Pa.B. 6029; amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended April 25, 2025, effective October 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 3366. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (392304) and (387341).

PART B(1). EDUCATION AND HEALTH OF JUVENILE

Rule 147. Educational Decision Maker.
 A.  Generally. At any proceeding or upon motion, the court shall appoint an educational decision maker for the juvenile if it determines that:

   1)  the juvenile has no guardian; or

   2)  the court, after notice to the guardian and an opportunity for the guardian to be heard, has made a determination that it is in the juvenile’s best interest to limit the guardian’s right to make decisions regarding the juvenile’s education.

 B.  Notice of hearings. The educational decision maker shall receive notice of all proceedings.

 C.  Duties and responsibilities. The educational decision maker shall:

   1)  make appropriate inquiries and take appropriate actions to ensure that:

     a)   issues concerning school discipline matters are addressed;

     b)   the juvenile is receiving appropriate education that will allow the juvenile to meet state standards, including any necessary services concerning special education in the least restrictive environment, or remedial services;

     c)   the juvenile, who is receiving services concerning special education, is engaged in transition planning with the school entity beginning no later than the school year in which the juvenile turns fourteen;

     d)   the juvenile approaching discharge from a delinquency placement will be promptly enrolled in an appropriate program of instruction that addresses the juvenile’s educational needs; and

     e)   any other educational matters, as appropriate in the juvenile’s best interest, are addressed.

   2)  address the juvenile’s educational needs by:

     a)   meeting with the juvenile at least once and as often as necessary to make decisions regarding education that are in the juvenile’s best interests;

     b)   participating in special education and other meetings, and making decisions regarding all matters affecting the juvenile’s educational needs in a manner consistent with the juvenile’s best interests;

     c)   making any specific recommendations to the court relating to:

       i)   the timeliness and appropriateness of the juvenile’s educational placement; and

       ii)   services necessary to address the juvenile’s educational needs;

     d)   appearing and testifying at court hearings when necessary; and

     e)   having knowledge and skills that ensure adequate representation of the juvenile.

Comment
   A juvenile is to have a clearly identified, legally authorized educational decision maker. This is a particular concern for juveniles who are adjudicated delinquent, may be returning from delinquency placements, and may not have a parent available and able to perform this function. An educational decision maker’s responsibilities may include, but are not limited to: ensuring that the juvenile is promptly enrolled in an appropriate educational program while in placement and upon discharge; see 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301(b)(2) and 55 Pa. Code §  3130.87; ensuring educational stability as applicable pursuant to 42 U.S.C. § §  675(1)(G) and 11431 et seq.; facilitating access to a full range of school programs; advocating for the juvenile in school discipline matters; ensuring meaningful transition planning as required by 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351 and 42 U.S.C. §  675(5)(H); and for a juvenile eligible for special education, ensuring access to appropriate services including transition planning beginning no later than age fourteen. See 24 P. S. § §  13-1371, 13-1372 and 20 U.S.C. §  1400 et seq. See paragraphs (A) and (C).

   An educational decision maker appointed pursuant to this rule who represents a juvenile who is also adjudicated dependent is to review Rule 1147 for additional information concerning educational laws and entitlements applicable to children in dependent care.

   A court is not to appoint an educational decision maker if there is a parent, guardian, or other authorized person (e.g., foster parent, relative with whom the juvenile lives or surrogate parent appointed under the IDEA) who is competent, willing, and available to make decisions regarding the juvenile’s education and who is acting in the juvenile’s best interest regarding all educational matters. See Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (‘‘IDEA’’), 20 U.S.C. §  1400 et seq. (2004). A court should limit the authority of a parent to make decisions regarding the juvenile’s education only to the extent necessary to protect the juvenile’s interest and can reinstate the parent or change the educational decision maker at any time.

   Unless limited by the court in its appointment order, an educational decision maker: 1) is responsible for making all decisions concerning education, including special education, for the juvenile; and 2) can consent to or prohibit the release of information from the juvenile’s school records as a parent in accordance with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, 20 U.S.C. §  1232g and 34 C.F.R. §  99.3 (1974). The educational decision maker may be a family member, a family friend, a mentor, a foster parent, a former foster parent, a Court Appointed Special Advocate, or, if an educational decision maker for special education is not needed, a child welfare professional. Except as otherwise provided by the IDEA, it is within the discretion of the court to appoint an educational decision maker and whom to appoint. In all cases, however, an educational decision maker appointed by the court should be familiar with a juvenile’s educational rights or is to agree to be trained regarding these issues.

   If the juvenile is or may be eligible for special education, an educational decision maker is to be appointed in accordance with the standards and procedures set forth in federal and state laws concerning special education. See IDEA, 20 U.S.C. § §  1400, 1401(23), and 1415(b)(2); 34 C.F.R. § §  300.30, 300.45, and 300.519. The IDEA recognizes a court’s authority to appoint persons to make decisions concerning special education for a juvenile. However, such decision makers cannot be the State or employees of any agency that is involved in the education or care of the juvenile. 34 C.F.R. §  300.519(c), (d)(2)(i).

   The authority of the court to appoint an educational decision maker is derived from the broad powers of the court to issue orders that ‘‘provide for the care, protection, safety, and wholesome mental and physical development of children.’’ 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 (b)(1.1). The IDEA also requires that each juvenile who is eligible for special education has an active parent or other identified person who can participate in the process concerning special education. See IDEA, 20 U.S.C. § §  1401(23) and 1415(b)(2); 34 C.F.R. § §  300.30, 300.45, and 300.519.

   Official Note

   Rule 147 adopted April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 147 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 147 adopted April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413.

Rule 148. Educational Stability and Removal From Home.
 (A)  General Rule. Any order resulting in the removal of the juvenile from home or a change in placement shall address the educational stability of the juvenile.

 (B)  School of Origin. Subject to statute, a juvenile removed from home shall remain in their school of origin unless the court finds remaining in the school of origin is not in the juvenile’s best interest or protective of the community. If the court finds that it is not in the best interest for the juvenile or protective of the community to remain in the school of origin, then the court may order the juvenile to be enrolled in another school that best meets the juvenile’s needs.

 (C)  Another School. Subject to statute, if a court orders the juvenile to be enrolled in another school pursuant to paragraph (B), then the juvenile shall attend a public school unless the court finds that a public school is not in the best interest of the juvenile or protective of the community.

Comment
   This rule is intended to apply at any point in a delinquency proceeding when the juvenile is removed from home, including pre-dispositional detention placement and post-dispositional modification resulting in the juvenile’s out of home placement or a change to that placement. This rule is intended to complement rather than supersede the requirements of Rule 512(D)(6).

   In paragraph (B), the best interest determination should be based on factors including the appropriateness of the current educational setting considering the juvenile’s needs, the proximity of the school of origin relative to the placement location, and the protection of the community. This paragraph is intended to facilitate educational stability while the juvenile remains under the jurisdiction of the Juvenile Court and to codify the presumption that a juvenile is to remain in their school of origin absent evidence that it is not in the best interest of the juvenile or protective of the community to do so.

   In paragraph (C), circumstances indicating that it may not be in the best interest for the juvenile to attend a public school includes the security and safety of the juvenile and treatment needs. Paragraph (C) is intended to codify the presumption that a juvenile is to attend public school while in placement absent evidence demonstrating that it is not in the best interest of the juvenile or protective of the community to do so. The bundling of residential services and educational services should not be permitted without a court order authorizing such.

   The application of paragraphs (B) and (C) is subject to statute governing the enrollment of a juvenile adjudicated of certain sexual assault acts committed upon another student enrolled in the same public school entity. See 24 P.S. §  13-1318.1; 18 Pa.C.S. § §  3121, 3122.1, 3123, 3124.1, 3125, 3126.

   For release of information to school, see Rule 163.

   Official Note

   Rule 148 adopted December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019. Amended November 30, 2021, effective April 1, 2022.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 148 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 208 (January 12, 2019).

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 148 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 610 (February 9, 2019).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 148 published with the Courts’ Order at 51 Pa.B. 7627 (December 11, 2021).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 148 adopted December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 208, 610; amended November 30, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7627. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (395837) to (395838).

PART B(2). COUNSEL

Rule 150. Attorneys—Appearances and Withdrawals.
 A.  Appearances.

   1)  Counsel for the juvenile shall file an entry of appearance with the clerk of courts promptly after being retained, and serve a copy on the attorney for the Commonwealth and the juvenile probation office.

     a)   If a firm name is entered, the name of the individual lawyer who is designated as being responsible for the conduct of the case shall be entered.

     b)   The entry of appearance shall include the attorney’s address, phone number, and attorney ID number.

   2)  When counsel is appointed pursuant to Rule 151 (Assignment of Counsel), the filing of the appointment order shall enter the appearance of appointed counsel.

 B.  Duration. Once an appearance is entered or the court assigns counsel, counsel shall represent the juvenile until final judgment, including any proceeding upon direct appeal and dispositional review, unless permitted to withdraw pursuant to paragraph (C).

 C.  Withdrawals.

   1)  Upon motion, counsel shall be permitted to withdraw only:

     a)   by order of the court for good cause shown; or

     b)   if new counsel has entered an appearance in accordance with paragraph (A).

   2)  A motion to withdraw shall be:

     a)   filed with the clerk of courts, and a copy concurrently served on the attorney for the Commonwealth and the juvenile; or

     b)   made orally on the record in open court in the presence of the juvenile.

Comment
   Under paragraph (C), withdrawal is presumed when a court’s jurisdiction is terminated because the juvenile reaches the age of twenty-one. See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6302, 6352.

   Under paragraph (C)(1)(a), a court can terminate an attorney’s representation if there is good cause shown. The court should allow an attorney to withdraw from a case for good cause if the standards for termination of representation are met, as provided for in Pa.R.P.C. 1.16.

   Under paragraph (C)(1)(b), because the attorney for the Commonwealth and the juvenile probation officer will be on notice of the identity of the new attorney, they should comply with the discovery requirements of Rule 340.

   Under paragraph (C)(2), counsel is to file a motion to withdraw in all cases. Counsel’s obligation to represent the juvenile, whether as retained or appointed counsel, remains until leave to withdraw is granted by the court. See, e.g., Commonwealth v. Librizzi, 810 A.2d 692 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2002). The court is to make a determination of the status of the case before permitting counsel to withdraw. Although there are many factors considered by the court in determining whether there is good cause to permit the withdrawal of counsel, when granting leave, the court should determine if new counsel needs to be appointed, and that the change in attorneys will not delay the proceedings or prejudice the juvenile, particularly concerning time limits.

   See also Rule 631 for termination of court supervision.

   Under Rule 800, the Public Defender Act, 16 P. S. §  9960.1 et seq., was suspended only to the extent that the Public Defender Act conflicts with this rule and that separate counsel is to be appointed for juveniles when there is a conflict of interest. See Pa.R.P.C. Rules 1.7 and 1.9.

   For admission pro hac vice, see Pa.B.A.R. 301.

   Official Note

   Rule 150 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended February 26, 2008, effective April 1, 2008. Amended December 10, 2013, effective February 10, 2014.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 150 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 150 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 1146 (March 8, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 150 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 7547 (December 28, 2013).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 150 adopted February 26, 2008, effective April 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1146; amended December 10, 2013, effective February 10, 2014, 43 Pa.B. 7547. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (357285) to (357286).

Rule 151. Assignment of Counsel.
 All juveniles are presumed indigent. If a juvenile appears at any hearing without counsel, the court shall appoint counsel for the juvenile prior to the commencement of the hearing.

Comment
   Although this rule contemplates a presumption of indigency which may be rebutted, the guardian’s income and resources are not to be utilized. There is a inherent risk that the legal protections afforded juveniles could be eroded by making legal representation dependent upon the limited financial resources of their guardians, particularly where guardians have an income just above the poverty guidelines. Additionally, the unwillingness of guardians to expend their resources should not determine the juvenile’s opportunity to have counsel. There is also a risk that the attorneys hired by guardians might rely upon the guardians for decision making in a case rather than upon the juvenile as the law requires. The juvenile is the client.

   Generally pursuant to this rule, the court is to assign counsel in every case in which the juvenile has appeared without counsel. However, the court may give the juvenile a reasonable opportunity to retain a private attorney of the juvenile’s choosing if the juvenile so desires.

   Counsel may be present at an intake conference or participate in the decision to place the juvenile on informal adjustment with the probation office.

   See also 42 Pa.C.S. §  6337 and In re A.M., 766 A.2d 1263 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2001).

   Under Rule 800, the Public Defender Act, 16 P. S. §  9960.1 et seq., was suspended only to the extent that the Public Defender Act conflicts with this rule and that separate counsel is to be appointed to juveniles when there is a conflict of interest. See Pa.R.P.C. Rules 1.7 and 1.9.

   Official Note

   Rule 151 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended May 16, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 151 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 151 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2684 (May 28, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 152 amended may 16, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2684. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (356675) and (347579).

Rule 152. Waiver of Counsel.
 A.  Waiver requirements. A juvenile who has attained the age of fourteen may only waive the right to counsel if:

   1)  the waiver is knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily made;

   2)  the court conducts a colloquy with the juvenile on the record; and

   3)  the proceeding for which waiver is sought is not one of the following:

     a)   detention hearing pursuant to Rule 242;

     b)   transfer hearing pursuant to Rule 394;

     c)   adjudicatory hearing pursuant to Rule 406, including the acceptance of an admission pursuant to Rule 407;

     d)   dispositional hearing pursuant to Rule 512; or

     e)   a hearing to modify or revoke probation pursuant to Rule 612.

 B.  Stand-by counsel. The court may assign stand-by counsel if the juvenile waives counsel at any proceeding or stage of a proceeding.

 C.  Notice and revocation of waiver. If a juvenile waives counsel for any proceeding, the waiver only applies to that proceeding, and the juvenile may revoke the waiver of counsel at any time. At any subsequent proceeding, the juvenile shall be informed of the right to counsel.

Comment
   Because of the ramifications of a juvenile record, it is important that every safeguard be taken to ensure that all constitutional and procedural guarantees and rights are preserved. Juveniles should not feel pressured to waive counsel or be the subject of any proactive pursuit for obtaining a waiver.

   In determining whether the waiver of counsel is knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily made, the court, on the record, is to ask the juvenile questions to elicit: 1) the reasons why the juvenile wants to waive counsel; 2) information regarding the juvenile’s: a) age; b) maturity; c) education; d) mental health issues, if any; and e) any current alcohol or drug issues that may impair the juvenile’s decision-making skills; 3) the juvenile’s understanding of the: a) right to an attorney, including the provisions of Rule 151; b) juvenile’s role when proceeding pro se; c) allegations in the petition against the juvenile; and d) possible consequences if the juvenile is found delinquent; 4) whether the juvenile consulted with the juvenile’s guardian; and 5) whether the juvenile consulted with an attorney.

   If it is determined that the juvenile has not knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily waived counsel, the court immediately is to appoint counsel for the juvenile. If it is determined that the juvenile has made a knowing, intelligent and voluntary waiver, the court may appoint stand-by counsel for all proceedings.

   This rule is not meant to preclude the guardian’s presence at any hearing. Indeed, the presence and active participation of a guardian should be welcomed. During the colloquy which is the subject of this rule, the court should feel free to elicit information from the guardian. As provided in Rule 131 and the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6310, 6335(b), and 6336.1, the court can order the guardian’s presence if the court determines that it is in the best interest of the juvenile. When conducting the colloquy, the court should also keep in mind the age, maturity, intelligence, and mental condition of the juvenile, as well as the experience of the juvenile, the juvenile’s ability to comprehend, the guardian’s presence and consent, and the juvenile’s prior record.

   This rule requires the juvenile to waive the right to counsel. A guardian may not waive the juvenile’s right to counsel. To implement this rule, Rule 800 suspends 42 Pa.C.S. §  6337 only to the extent that the right to waiver of counsel belongs to the juvenile and the guardian may not waive the right for the juvenile.

   Additionally, Rule 150(B) provides that once an appearance is entered or the court assigns counsel, counsel is to represent the juvenile until final judgment, including any proceeding upon direct appeal and dispositional review, unless permitted to withdraw. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 150(B).

   Pursuant to paragraph (C), if waiver of counsel is revoked, the court is to appoint counsel before proceeding.

   Official Note

   Rule 152 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended January 11, 2012, effective March 1, 2012. Amended February 6, 2017, effective April 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 152 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 152 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 547 (January 28, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the revision to the Comment to Rule 152 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 942 (February 18, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 152 amended January 11, 2012, effective March 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 547; amended February 6, 2017, effective April 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 941. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (382647) to (382648).

PART C. RECORDS


PART C(1). ACCESS TO JUVENILE RECORDS

Rule 160. Inspecting, Copying, and Disseminating the Official Court Record.
 A.  Inspecting. The official court record is only open to inspection by:

   1)  the judges, juvenile court hearing officers, juvenile probation officers, and staff of the court;

   2)  the attorney for the Commonwealth, the juvenile’s attorney, and the juvenile, but the persons in this category shall not be permitted to see reports revealing the names of confidential sources of information, except at the discretion of the court;

   3)  a public or private agency or institution providing supervision or having custody of the juvenile under order of the court;

   4)  a court, its probation officers, other officials or professional staff, and the attorney for the defendant for use in preparing a pre-sentence report in a criminal case in which the defendant is convicted and the defendant previously was adjudicated delinquent;

   5)  a judge or issuing authority for use in determining bail, provided that such inspection is limited to orders of delinquency adjudications and dispositions, orders resulting from dispositional review hearings, and histories of bench warrants and escapes;

   6)  the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts;

   7)  the judges, juvenile probation officers, and staff of courts of other jurisdictions when necessary for the discharge of their official duties;

   8)  officials of the Department of Corrections, a state correctional institution or other penal institution to which an individual who was previously adjudicated delinquent in a proceeding under the Juvenile Act has been com-mitted, but the persons in this category shall not be permitted to see reports revealing the names of confidential sources of information contained in social reports, except at the discretion of the court;

   9)  a parole board, court, or county probation official in considering an individual who was previously adjudicated delinquent in a proceeding under the Juvenile Act, but the persons in this category shall not be permitted to see reports revealing the names of confidential sources of information contained in social reports, except at the discretion of the court;

   10)  the State Sexual Offenders Assessment Board for use in completing assessments; and

   11)  with leave of court, any other person, agency, or institution having a legitimate interest in the proceedings or in the work of the unified judicial system.

 B.  Copying. Any person, agency, or department permitted to inspect the record pursuant to paragraph (A) may copy or be provided with a copy of the record.

 C.  Disseminating. Unauthorized dissemination of any information contained in the official court record to a person, agency, or department not permitted to inspect or copy the record pursuant to this rule may result in a finding of contempt of court.

 D.  Public availability. Upon request, a public document shall be created by the clerk of courts if the case is designated eligible for public inspection pursuant to Rule 330 or 515.

   1)  For cases deemed eligible pursuant to Rule 330, the public document shall contain only the following information:

     a)   the juvenile’s name;

     b)   the juvenile’s age;

     c)   the juvenile’s address; and

     d)   the offenses alleged in the juvenile’s petition.

   2)  For cases deemed eligible pursuant to Rule 515, the public document shall contain only the following information:

     a)   the juvenile’s name;

     b)   the juvenile’s age;

     c)   the juvenile’s address;

     d)   the offenses alleged in the juvenile’s petition;

     e)   the adjudication on each allegation; and

     f)   the disposition of the case.

Comment
   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(11), the court may order that any person, agency, or department receive a copy of all or portions of the record. The court order is to state: 1) the specific information the person, agency or department may receive; 2) that the information received shall not be disseminated to any person, agency, or department not listed in the court order; and 3) that any dissemination of the information received is a violation of the court order.

   See the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6307, for the statutory provisions on inspection of the juvenile’s file and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6352.1 for disclosure of treatment records.

   See Rule 120 for definition of the ‘‘official court record.’’

   This rule is meant to include the contents of the official court record as described in Rule 166.

   When delinquency proceedings are commenced pursuant to Rule 200(4), the entire criminal court file is to be transferred with the case to juvenile court. This criminal case file is now the juvenile court file, which is the official court record, and the disclosure requirements of this rule apply.

   Paragraph (C) protects the juvenile from dissemination of information contained in the official court record to unauthorized sources. Nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the juvenile or the juvenile’s attorney from discussing the case with others, such as, local newspaper reporters. However, specific information concerning the victim should not be disseminated by the juvenile or the juvenile’s attorney.

   Under paragraph (D), there is one document for each eligible case that is open for public inspection. The public document should be clearly marked for employees of the clerks of courts’ office as the only document available for inspection by the general public. All other information contained in the official court record is not open for public inspection but only open to inspection to the persons enumerated in paragraph (A).

   See Rule 330 for designation of public availability status in the juvenile petition. See Rule 515 for designation of public availability status in the dispositional order.

   Official Note

   Rule 160 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 30, 2005, effective immediately. Amended August 20, 2007, effective December 1, 2007. Amended May 12, 2008, effective immediately. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 160 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the revisions of Rule 160 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 186 (January 14, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 160 published with the Court’s Order at 37 Pa.B. 4866 (September 8, 2007).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 160 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 2360 (May 24, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 160 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 160 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 3203 (June 9, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 160 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 160 amended December 30, 2005, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 186; amended August 21, 2007, effective December 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 4866; amended May 12, 2008, effective May 12, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 2360; amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3203; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (386522), (361553) to (361554) and (373451).

Rule 161. Inspecting, Copying, and Disseminating Juvenile Probation Files.
 A.  Inspecting and Copying. Except as provided in paragraph (C), juvenile probation files shall be open to inspection and/or copying only by:

   1)  the juvenile or the juvenile’s attorney of record in the instant proceeding;

   2)  the attorney for the Commonwealth;

   3)  the State Sexual Offenders Assessment Board;

   4)  the Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission; or

   5)  any other person, agency, or department by order of court.

 B.  Juvenile Probation Information.

   1)  Information maintained by juvenile probation offices other than juvenile probation files shall be subject to inspection and/or copying only pursuant to court order.

   2)  Each juvenile probation office shall create a document, which describes the information that is maintained by the juvenile probation office concerning each juvenile. This document shall be open to inspection and copying pursuant to paragraph (A).

 C.  Contents of Order. The order shall:

   1)  specify who shall be permitted to inspect the file, information, or any portion thereof;

   2)  specify who shall be permitted to copy the file or information;

   3)  state that the file or information received shall not be disseminated to any person, agency, or department not listed in the court order; and

   4)  state that dissemination of any file or information received is a violation of the court order.

 D.  Disseminating.

   1)  The juvenile probation office has discretion to disseminate portions of its files or information to the juvenile, service providers, placement facilities, and courts and courts’ professional staff of other jurisdictions when facilitating placement, the delivery of services, treatment, or transfer of the case to, or supervision by another jurisdiction consistent with applicable Federal or state law.

   2)  Unauthorized dissemination of any file or information to a person, agency, or department not permitted to inspect or copy the file pursuant to this rule may result in a finding of contempt of court.

Comment
   Documents contained in the juvenile probation files are not a part of the official court record unless the juvenile probation office officially files the documents in the official court record. Those documents placed in the official court record are governed by Rule 160 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6307.

   Juvenile probation files containing a juvenile’s disclosures for the purpose of treatment should be reviewed for potentially privileged communications prior to dissemination. See, e.g., Commonwealth v. Carter, 821 A.2d 601 (Pa. Super. 2003).

   The notes of a juvenile probation officer, which describe the officer’s impressions or personal observations but which are not included in a report to the court or other report, are not considered a component of a juvenile probation file that is open to inspection or copying under paragraph (A). ‘‘Juvenile probation files,’’ as used in paragraph (A) and defined in Rule 120, is intended to include files existing in whole or in part in either paper or digital form.

   Nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the juvenile probation office from sharing information with the juvenile.

   Official Note

   Rule 161 adopted May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012. Amended August 23, 2012, effective immediately. Amended March 15, 2019, effective July 1, 2019.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 161 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 3203 (June 9, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 161 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 5734 (September 8, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 161 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 1512 (March 30, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 161 adopted May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3203; amended August 23, 2012, effective immediately, 42 Pa.B 5734; amended March 15, 2019, effective July 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 1512. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387349) to (387350).

Rule 163. Release of Information to School.
 A.  Generally. Upon finding a juvenile to be a delinquent, the court shall, through the juvenile probation office, provide the following information to the building principal or his or her designee of any public, private, or parochial school in which the juvenile is enrolled:

   1)  name and address of the juvenile;

   2)  the delinquent act or acts that the juvenile was found to have committed;

   3)  a brief description of the delinquent act or acts; and

   4)  the disposition of the case.

 B.  Notice to school. In addition to the information provided in paragraph (A), the juvenile probation office shall provide notice of the following information:

   1)  a statement informing the building principal or his or her designee that information received under this rule:

     a)   shall be maintained separately from the juvenile’s official school record;

     b)   is for the limited purposes of:

       i)   protecting school personnel and students; and

       ii)   arranging for appropriate counseling and education for the juvenile;

     c)   may not be used for school disciplinary decisions concerning the juvenile unless:

       i)   the juvenile was under the supervision of the board of directors at the time of the incident;

       ii)   the act or acts that were substantiated by the court took place on or within 1,500 feet of the school property; and

       iii)   the school has complied with all other statutory, regulatory, and constitutional provisions relative to the imposition of school discipline; and

     d)   shall be shared with the juvenile’s teachers.

   2)  a statement informing the building principal or his or her designee of the requirement to:

     a)   maintain a log of all school district employees, or building principals or their designees from other school districts, to whom this information was subsequently provided when a juvenile was transferred to another school; and

     b)   provide a copy of the notice as listed in paragraph (B)(1) to the new school.

 C.  Additional information.

   1)  If the juvenile is adjudicated delinquent of a felony offense, the court, through the juvenile probation office, shall provide to the building principal or his or her designee relevant information regarding the juvenile contained in the juvenile probation or treatment reports pertaining to the adjudication, prior delinquent history, and the supervision plan of the juvenile.

   2)  The court or the juvenile probation office shall have the authority to share any additional information regarding the juvenile under its jurisdiction with the building principal or his or her designee as deemed necessary to protect public safety or to enable appropriate treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation of the juvenile.

 D.  Acknowledgement of notice and information. The building principal or his or her designee shall provide written acknowledgement to the juvenile probation office of the receipt of, and the requirements and restrictions pertaining to, the information provided under this rule.

 E.  Transfers to other schools.

   1)  Any information provided to and maintained by the building principal or his or her designee under this rule shall be transferred to the building principal or his or her designee of any public, private, or parochial school to which the juvenile transfers enrollment.

   2)  When this information is transferred to an official from another school district, the building principal or his or her designee shall include a copy of the notice initially provided by the juvenile probation office pursuant to paragraph (B).

   3)  The building principal or his or her designee shall maintain a log of all individuals from other school districts to whom this information is subsequently provided, and shall inform the juvenile probation office upon providing this information to officials from other school districts.

 F.  Maintained separately. Any information provided to the building principal or his or her designee under this rule shall be maintained separately from the juvenile’s official school record.

 G.  Dissemination. Unauthorized dissemination of any information contained in the school record to any unauthorized person, agency, or department may result in a finding of contempt of court.

Comment
   For educational stability of juvenile when removed from home, see Rule 148.

   Pursuant to paragraph (B), the juvenile probation office is required to provide notice to the building principal or his or her designee for maintaining court records separately from official school records. Some school districts have established local policies relating to the receipt of this information that requires the information to be provided to a school district official other than a building principal. That individual should be regarded as the building principal’s designee with respect to the provisions of this rule.

   The delinquency information in the school record is to be used only by school officials and is not to be released to the general public or third parties unless ordered by the court. In addition, information sent to the school may not be used for disciplinary purposes against the juvenile. The juvenile probation office should send a notice to the school when it sends information to the school concerning the findings of the court. The notice should state that any information received by the school should not be used against the juvenile for disciplinary reasons, including suspensions and expulsions. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6341(b.1)(4).

   The requirements in paragraph (B) are derived from 42 Pa.C.S. §  6341(b.1)(4), 24 P. S. §  5-510; D.O.F. v. Lewisburg Area School District, 868 A.2d 28 (Pa. Commw. Ct. 2004) (holding schools do not have the authority to discipline students, even for actions on school property, if they are not currently under school supervision); and Hoke ex rel. Reidenback v. Elizabethtown Area School District, 833 A.2d 304 (Pa. Commw. Ct. 2003).

   For further dissemination and usage in school, see 42 Pa.C.S. §  6341(b.1).

   In paragraph (D), nothing is intended by this rule to preclude acknowledgement by electronic means.

   Pursuant to paragraph (F), information provided by the court is to be kept and maintained separately from the juvenile’s official school record. If the court has ordered a record to be expunged, the court, concurrently, is to order the destruction of the information provided to the school by the court, including information subsequently provided to another school. The terms ‘‘expunged’’ and ‘‘destruction’’ should not be confused in this Comment. Because the school does not fall within any category for retention of information pursuant to Rule 173, there is no reason for the school to maintain its information. Therefore, the school is to destroy all information received from the court.

   Official Note

   Rule 163 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012. Amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014. Rule 163 amended December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 163 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 163 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 3203 (June 9, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 163 published with the Court’s Order at 44 Pa.B. 5447 (August 16, 2014).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 163 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 208 (January 12, 2019).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 163 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 610 (February 9, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 163 amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3203; amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 5447; amended December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 208, 610. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387350) to (387352).

PART C(2). MAINTAINING RECORDS

Rule 165. Design of Forms.
 The Court Administrator of Pennsylvania, in consultation with the Juvenile Court Procedural Rules Committee, shall design and publish forms necessary to implement these rules.

Comment
   The purpose of the unified judicial system can be further achieved by creating uniform forms to implement a particular rule.

   Official Note

   Rule 165 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 166. Maintaining Records in the Clerk of Courts.
 A.  Generally. The juvenile court file is the official court record and shall contain all court orders, court notices, docket entries, filed documents, evidence admitted into the record, and other court designated documents in each juvenile case. These records shall be maintained by the clerk of courts and shall not be taken from the custody of the clerk of courts without order of the court.

 B.  Docket entries. The clerk of courts shall maintain a list of docket entries: a chronological list, in electronic or written form, of documents and entries in the official court record and of all proceedings in the case. The clerk of courts shall make docket entries at the time the information is made known to the clerk.

 C.  Contents of docket entries. The docket entries shall include, at a minimum, the following information:

   1)  the juvenile’s name, last known address, date of birth, if known;

   2)  the names and addresses of all attorneys who have appeared or entered an appearance, the date of the entry of appearance(s), and the date of any withdrawal of appearance(s);

   3)  notations concerning all papers filed with the clerk, including all court notices, appearances, admissions, motions, orders, findings and adjudications, and dispositions, briefly showing the nature and title, if any, of each paper filed, writ issued, and motion made, and the substance of each order or disposition of the court and of the returns showing execution of process;

   4)  notations concerning motions made orally or orders issued orally in the courtroom when directed by the court;

   5)  a notation of every judicial proceeding, continuance, and disposition;

   6)  the location of exhibits made part of the record during the proceedings;

   7)  a) the date of receipt in the clerk’s office of the order or court notice;

       b) the date appearing on the order or court notice; and

       c) the date and manner of service of the order or court notice; and

   8)  all other information required by Rule 345.

 D. Electronic Format. If a judicial district has provided for electronic filing pursuant to Rule 205, the juvenile court file in which electronic filing has been utilized may be maintained solely in an electronic format as long as copies of the documents maintained in the juvenile court file may be produced in a physical paper format.

Comment
   This rule sets forth the mandatory contents of the list of docket entries and the official court record. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list of what is required to be recorded in the docket entries. The judicial districts may require additional information to be recorded in a case or in all cases.

   The list of docket entries is a running record of all information related to any action in a juvenile case in the court of common pleas of the clerk’s county, such as dates of filings, of orders, and of court proceedings, including hearings conducted by juvenile court hearing officers. Nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the use of automated or other electronic means for timestamping or making docket entries.

   This rule applies to all proceedings in the court of common pleas, including hearings conducted by juvenile court hearing officers, at any stage of the delinquency case.

   This rule is not intended to include items contained in the juvenile probation files.

   The practice in some counties of creating the list of docket entries only if an appeal is taken is inconsistent with this rule.

   The requirement of paragraph (C)(2) that all attorneys and their addresses be recorded makes certain there is a record of all attorneys who have appeared for any juvenile in the case. The requirement also ensures that attorneys are served as required by Rules 167 and 345. See also Rule 345(C) concerning certificates of service.

   In those cases in which the attorney has authorized receiving service by facsimile transmission or electronic means, the docket entry required by paragraph (C)(2) is to include the facsimile number or electronic address.

   Paragraph (C)(4) recognizes that occasionally resolution of oral motions presented in open court should be reflected in the docket, such as motions and orders related to omnibus motions as provided in Rule 346.

   Paragraph (D) permits electronically filed documents to be part of the juvenile court record in an electronic format. Accordingly, the juvenile court record may exist in both paper and electronic form, provided the electronic form can be produced in a paper form.

   Official Note

   Rule 166 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017. Amended December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 166 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 166 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 166 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 3203 (June 9, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 166 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 166 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 7573 (December 28, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 166 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3203; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313; amended December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 7573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387353) to (387354).

Rule 167. Filings and Service of Court Orders and Notices.
 A.  Filings.

   1)  All orders and court notices shall be transmitted promptly to the clerk of courts for filing. Upon receipt by the clerk of courts, the order or court notice shall be time stamped promptly with the date of receipt.

   2)  All orders and court notices shall be filed in the official court record.

 B.  Service.

   1)  A copy of any order or court notice shall be served promptly on the attorney for the Commonwealth, the juvenile’s attorney, the juvenile, the juvenile probation officer, and any other person, service provider, or agency listed in the court order.

   2)  The clerk of courts shall serve the order or court notice, unless the president judge has promulgated a local rule designating service to be by the court administrator or other court designee.

   3)  Methods of Service. Service shall be:

     a)   by:

       i)   personal delivery to the party’s attorney or the juvenile;

       ii)   mailing a copy to the party’s attorney or leaving a copy for the attorney at the attorney’s office;

       iii)   in those judicial districts that maintain in the courthouse assigned boxes for counsel to receive service, leaving a copy for the attorney in the attorney’s box;

       iv)   sending a copy to the juvenile by first class mail addressed to the juvenile’s place of residence, detention, or placement;

       v)   sending a copy by facsimile transmission or other electronic means if the party’s attorney or the juvenile has filed written request for this method of service or has included a facsimile number or an electronic address on a prior legal paper filed in the case;

       vi)   delivery to the party’s attorney or the juvenile by carrier service; or

     b)   orally in open court on the record; or

     c)   in a judicial district that permits electronic filing pursuant to Rule 205, service of court orders or notices shall be made as provided in Rule 205(D)(2) and (H)(1).

 C.  Unified Practice. Any local rule that is inconsistent with the provisions of this rule is prohibited, including any local rule requiring a person to file or serve orders or court notices.

Comment
   Court notices, as used in this rule, are communications that ordinarily are issued by a judge or the court administrator concerning, for example, calendaring or scheduling, including proceedings requiring the juvenile’s presence.

   A facsimile number or electronic address set forth on the letterhead is not sufficient to authorize service by facsimile transmission or other electronic means under paragraph (B)(3)(a)(v). The authorization for service by facsimile transmission or other electronic means under this rule is valid only for the duration of the case. A separate authorization is to be filed in each case by the juvenile, if unrepresented, or by the attorney who wants to receive documents by this method of service.

   Nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the use of automated or other electronic means for the transmission of the orders or court notices between the judge, court administrator, and clerk of courts, or for time stamping.

   Official Note

   Rule 167 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014. Amended December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 167 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 167 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 167 published with the Court’s Order at 44 Pa.B. 5447 (August 16, 2014).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 167 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 7573 (December 28, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 167 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 5447; amended December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 7573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387354) and (396235) to (396236).

PART C(3). EXPUNGING OR DESTROYING RECORDS, FINGERPRINTS, AND PHOTOGRAPHS

Rule 170. Motion to Expunge or Destroy Records.
 A.  Motion. Upon motion, or sua sponte, expungement proceedings may be commenced:

   1)  if a written allegation is not approved for prosecution;

   2)  if the petition is dismissed by the court;

   3)  in consent decree and informal adjustment cases:

     a)   when six months have elapsed since the final discharge of the juvenile from supervision; and

     b)   if no proceeding seeking adjudication or conviction is pending;

   4)  when a juvenile has been discharged from court supervision pursuant to Rule 631:

     a)   five years have elapsed;

     b)   the juvenile has not been convicted or adjudicated delinquent for a felony or misdemeanor;

     c)   no court proceeding is pending seeking such conviction or adjudication; and

     d)   the delinquent act is not an act precluded from expungement pursuant to 18 Pa.C.S. §  9123(a.1); or

   5)  when the attorney for the Commonwealth consents to the expungement.

 B.  Contents of Motion. A motion, which shall include a proposed court order, shall contain the following information:

   1)  the name of the juvenile;

   2)  the date of birth of the juvenile, if known;

   3)  the juvenile’s case docket number, if any;

   4)  the allegations or offenses to which the order pertains;

   5)  the law enforcement agency that initiated the allegations;

   6)  the reference number of the police report or written allegation to be expunged or destroyed, including the juvenile offense tracking number (JOTN), if available;

   7)  the date of arrest;

   8)  the disposition of the written allegation or petition;

   9)  the reasons and statutory authority for expunging or destroying the documents, fingerprints, or photographs; and

   10)  the agencies upon which certified copies of the court order shall be served.

 C.  Service of Motion. In addition to the service required by Rule 345, the movant shall serve the motion on the chief juvenile probation officer.

 D.  Answer.

   1)  The attorney for the Commonwealth, and any other person upon whom the motion was served, may file an answer to the motion.

   2)  If objections to the motion are not made within thirty days of the filing of the motion, they shall be deemed waived.

 E.  Court’s Response to the Motion. The court shall conduct a hearing or grant or deny the motion after giving consideration to the following factors:

   1)  the type of offense;

   2)  the individual’s age, history of employment, history of academic or vocational training, delinquent or criminal activity, and drug or alcohol issues;

   3)  adverse consequences that the individual may suffer if the records are not expunged; and

   4)  whether retention of the record is required for purposes of public safety.

 F.  Inter-County Transfer Cases.

   1)  A motion to expunge or destroy records shall be filed in the county in which the adjudication of delinquency was entered.

   2)  A motion regarding the records of a juvenile whose disposition did not involve an adjudication of delinquency shall be filed in the county in which the disposition occurred.

   3)  The court entering an order to expunge or destroy records shall direct the order to any other court possessing records pertaining to the case.

Comment
   Paragraph (A) provides that a motion to expunge or destroy records, files, fingerprints, or photographs, or the court, sua sponte, may commence expungement proceedings.

   Under paragraphs (A)(1) & (2), the written allegation or petition may be dismissed for several reasons, including, but not limited to, when: 1) a juvenile completes an informal adjustment or diversionary program; 2) the attorney for the Commonwealth declines to prosecute; 3) probable cause is not found at the detention hearing pursuant to Rule 242(C)(1); 4) there is no finding on the offenses pursuant to Rule 408(B); or 5) there is no finding of a need for treatment, supervision, and rehabilitation pursuant to Rule 409(A)(1). Expungement proceedings may be commenced upon these dismissals of the written allegation or the petition.

   For expungement of summary offenses heard by a magisterial district court or criminal court, see Pa.R.Crim.P. 490 and 490.1 (truancy). For eligibility for expungement, see 18 Pa.C.S. §  9123(a); 24 P.S. §  13-1333.3(h) (truancy).

   Under paragraph (B)(6), any number assigned to police papers helpful in tracking the police report or written allegation that would assist the law enforcement agency in expunging or destroying the document is to be listed. A reference number could be a juvenile offense tracking number, district control number, crime control number, incident number, Philadelphia identification number, or another number assigned by the law enforcement agency to track the document.

   Pursuant to paragraph (B)(9), the reasons for expunging the records or destroying fingerprints and photographs are to be included in the motion, specifically citing which provision of paragraph (A) applies.

   ‘‘Expunge’’ or ‘‘expungement’’ is defined by Rule 120, which means to erase legally, or the process of legal erasure of an item making it permanently not available to the public but where some information may be retained only for limited purposes by agencies or departments. See Rule 173. See also Comment to Rule 120.

   Rule 173 provides for the retention of certain information that is crucial for: 1) determining compliance with the order to expunge; 2) determining eligibility in a court program, determining the grading or penalty of an offense, or for other purposes as provided by law; 3) maintaining statistical and research information; 4) maintaining intelligence and investigative information; and 5) financial audits.

   Pursuant to paragraph (D), the attorney for the Commonwealth is given an opportunity to respond to the motion. The attorney for the Commonwealth should specify its position on whether items should be expunged or destroyed. Expunged items remain available to law enforcement agencies and the attorney for the Commonwealth in limited circumstances, whereas destroyed items are permanently erased. The attorney for the Commonwealth should consent to expunging records unless the attorney for the Commonwealth demonstrates good cause for the retention of records. See In re A.B., 987 A.2d 769 (Pa. Super. 2009).

   The reasons for maintaining information pursuant to Rule 173 do not qualify as good cause against expunging records under this rule. Maintenance of specific information is different from the maintenance of the official court record or other official records of the juvenile probation office or a law enforcement agency. Pursuant to Rule 173, a separate document, file, or database is to be created. See Rule 173 and its Comment.

   If the attorney for the Commonwealth objects to expunging or destroying the records, the court should conduct a hearing on the motion.

   Pursuant to paragraph (E)(3), the court is to consider adverse consequences that an individual may suffer if the records are not expunged. Adverse consequences are discussed in The Pennsylvania Collateral Consequences Checklist instituted by Pennsylvania Juvenile Indigent Defense Action Network in conjunction with the initiative the Models for Change System Reform in Juvenile Justice. This checklist may be accessed on the Supreme Court’s website at http://www.pacourts.us/courts/supreme-court/committees/rules-committees/juvenile-court-procedural-rules-committee/juvenile-court-committee-rules-and-forms.

   The attorney for the Commonwealth in the county in which a motion is filed in an inter-county transfer case pursuant to paragraph (F) should provide notice of the motion to, and communicate with, the attorney for the Commonwealth and the juvenile probation office in the county to which, or from which, the case was transferred.

   Notwithstanding this rule, see 18 Pa.C.S. §  9123(a.1) for cases that are ineligible for expungement proceedings. See also 42 Pa.C.S. §  6341 for destruction of fingerprints and photographs.

   Official Note

   Rule 170 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014. Amended February 12, 2015, effective immediately. Amended March 1, 2019, effective July 1, 2019.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 170 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 170 published with the Court’s Order at 44 Pa.B. 5447 (August 16, 2014).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 170 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 1142 (March 16, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 170 amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 5447; amended February 12, 2015, effective immediately, 45 Pa.B. 953; amended March 1, 2019, effective July 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 1142. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387356) to (387359).

Rule 172. Order to Expunge or Destroy.
 A.  Contents. Any order to expunge or destroy the official court record, juvenile probation files, docket entries, law enforcement records, or fingerprints and photographs shall include the following information:

   1)  all items contained in Rule 170(B);

   2)  a directive specifically identifying which items shall be expunged or destroyed, including all law enforcement records, juvenile probation files, official court records, other juvenile records, fingerprints, photographs, and any other information pertaining to the arrest;

   3)  a directive that the keeper of the juvenile records shall expunge or destroy such items;

   4)  a directive that each agency, department, or office, upon request, shall notify the court or its designee, in writing, of the action taken in response to the order to expunge or destroy;

   5)  a directive to a school building principal or his or her designee to destroy information received from the court pursuant to Rule 163;

   6)  the printed name and signature of the judge issuing the order; and

   7)  the date of the court order.

 B.  Service. In addition to the service required by Rule 167, the clerk of courts, court administrator, or other court designee shall serve certified copies of the order on the chief juvenile probation officer, the Pennsylvania State Police, the Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission, and any other person or agency as directed by the court.

Comment
   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(2), the court is to list specifically which items are to be expunged and which items are to be destroyed. Specific information retained pursuant to Rule 173 should be expunged but not destroyed. In most instances, the court should order that the fingerprints and photographs be destroyed and that the remaining records and documents be expunged.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(4), an agency, department, or office may be requested to produce evidence of compliance with the court order to expunge. Non-compliance may result in a finding of contempt of court.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(5), the school is to destroy all information received from the court. Because the school is required to store this information separately under Rule 163(F), destruction should not be difficult. See Rule 163 and its Comment. The court may also require the school to provide written notice of the action taken.

   Official Note

   Rule 172 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014. Amended March 1, 2019, effective July 1, 2019.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 172 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 172 published with the Court’s Order at 44 Pa.B. 5447 (August 16, 2014).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 172 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 1142 (March 16, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 172 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 5447; amended March 1, 2019, effective July 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 1142. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387359) to (387360).

Rule 173. Retention of Specific Information from Juvenile Records.
 A.  Maintenance of specific information.

   1)  All information retained according to this rule shall be confidential. This information is not eligible for inspection pursuant to Rule 160.

   2)  If any information maintained according to this rule is disseminated to any unauthorized person, agency, department, or office, the person disseminating the information shall be held in contempt of court.

 B.  Compliance with expungement order. The court or juvenile probation office shall maintain the following information in a separate document, file, or database for the purpose of determining compliance with an expungement order:

   1)  a list of juvenile names;

   2)  identifying information, such as date of birth;

   3)  the case docket number;

   4)  a copy of the order to expunge; and

   5)  any compliance letters sent pursuant to Rule 172(A)(4).

 C.  Eligibility for court program, the grading or penalty of an offense, or for other purposes as provided by law. The court, juvenile probation office, or the attorney for the Commonwealth shall maintain the following information in a separate document, file, or database for determining eligibility for a court program, the grading or penalty of an offense, or for other purposes as provided by law:

   1)  a list of juvenile names;

   2)  identifying information, such as date of birth;

   3)  the case docket number;

   4)  a list of the delinquent acts alleged or petitioned;

   5)  a list of the delinquent acts found, if applicable; and

   6)  the disposition of the case.

 D.  Statistical and research purposes. The juvenile probation office, the Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission, and the Administrative Office of PennsylvaniaCourts may maintain the following information in a separate document, file, or database for statistical and research purposes:

   1)  a list of juvenile names;

   2)  identifying information, such as date of birth;

   3)  demographic information;

   4)  a list of the delinquent acts alleged or petitioned;

   5)  a list of the delinquent acts found, if applicable;

   6)  the disposition of the case; and

   7)  any recidivism information.

 E.  Intelligence and investigative information. Law enforcement agencies and the attorney for the Commonwealth may maintain the following information in a separate document, file, or database for intelligence and investigative purposes:

   1)  a list of juvenile names;

   2)  identifying information, such as date of birth;

   3)  intelligence information; and

   4)  investigative information.

 F.  Financial audits. The juvenile probation office, placement facilities, service providers, and the county agency shall maintain the necessary information in a separate document, file, or database for financial audits, which may include, but is not limited to:

   1)  the number of juveniles sent to a placement facility;

   2)  the amount of money paid for the court-ordered service; and

   3)  the dates of service.

Comment
   As used throughout this rule, a separate document, file, or database is to be interpreted as a creation of a new document, file, or database when the original document or file has been expunged pursuant to a court order under Rule 172. This rule provides for the retention of information for specific reasons. Original records will be expunged but specific information contained within those records will be extracted and placed into a new document, file, or database. Only the specific items listed in this rule may be maintained by the specified individuals and entities. All remaining information is to be expunged.

   There are several legitimate reasons for retaining specific information relating to a case. As provided in paragraph (A)(1), all information retained according to this rule is to be kept confidential and is not subject to inspection pursuant to Rule 160. If any person does not maintain confidentiality of information, that person is to be held in contempt of court. See paragraph (A)(2). However, entities may share information retained pursuant to this rule if the reasons for sharing the information is consistent with this rule and confidentiality is maintained.

   Paragraph (B) provides for the maintenance of compliance letters for expunging records. The court may access the document, file, or database to ensure that a court order to expunge a particular record has been followed. This may also be helpful when a juvenile may inquire as to whether the court order was followed.

   Paragraph (C) allows specific information concerning a juvenile to be maintained to determine the juvenile’s eligibility for a future court program, the grading or penalty of a new offense, and for other purposes as provided by law. There are instances when the grading or penalty for a new offense is greater because of prior offense(s), for example, retail theft, theft by vehicle, library theft, and driving under the influence of alcohol or other controlled substance. However, offenses cannot be used in a subsequent proceeding unless specifically authorized by law.

   Paragraph (D) provides for the retention of specific information for statistical and research purposes. The information gathered under this paragraph is confidential. However, aggregate data compiled may be shared with other persons as statistical and research information. When sharing aggregate data, the juvenile’s name or any identifying information cannot be utilized.

   Pursuant to paragraph (E), only law enforcement agencies and the attorney for the Commonwealth may retain intelligence and investigative information.

   Paragraph (F) provides for the retention of specific information for financial audits. This is important to provide records of service.

   Official Note

   Rule 173 adopted July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014. Amended February 12, 2015, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 173 published with the Court’s Order at 44 Pa.B. 5447 (August 16, 2014).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 173 adopted July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 5447; amended February 12, 2015, effective immediately, 45 Pa.B. 953. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (373461) to (373462) and (373797).

PART D. JUVENILE COURT HEARING OFFICERS

Rule 182. Qualifications of Juvenile Court Hearing Officer
 A.  Education, Experience, and Training. To preside as a juvenile court hearing officer over cases governed by the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., an individual shall:

   1)  be a member, in good standing, of the bar of this Commonwealth;

   2)  have been licensed to practice law for at least five consecutive years; and

   3)  have completed six hours of instruction, approved by the Pennsylvania Continuing Legal Education Board prior to hearing cases, which specifically addresses all of the following topics:

     a)   the Juvenile Act;

     b)   the Pennsylvania Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure;

     c)   the penal laws of Pennsylvania;

     d)   the Child Protective Services Law;

     e)   evidence rules and methodology;

     f)   child and adolescent development; and

     g)   the collateral consequences of an adjudication of delinquency.

 B.  Continuing Education. Upon meeting the requirements of paragraph (A)(3), a juvenile court hearing officer shall thereafter complete six hours of instruction from a course(s) designed by the Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission, in juvenile delinquency law, policy, or related social science research every two years.

 C.  Compliance.

   1)  A juvenile court hearing officer shall sign an affidavit attesting that he or she has met the requirements of this rule.

   2)  Prior to presiding as a juvenile court hearing officer, the attorney shall send the affidavit to the President Judge or his or her designee of each judicial district where the attorney is seeking to preside as a juvenile court hearing officer.

   3)  After submission of the initial affidavit pursuant to paragraph (C)(2), juvenile court hearing officers shall submit a new affidavit every two years attesting that the continuing education requirements of paragraph (B) have been met.

Comment
   Pursuant to paragraphs (A)(1) & (2), juvenile court hearing officers are to be in good standing and have at least five consecutive years of experience as an attorney. It is best practice to have at least two years of experience in juvenile law.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(3), the initial training program(s) is to be approved by the Pennsylvania Continuing Legal Education Board (Board). The program may be one course or multiple courses with at least six hours of instruction, equivalent to at least six CLE credits. When the Board is approving courses designed to address the requirements of this rule, it should consult with the Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission to ensure proper course requirements are being met. Additionally, for this initial training course(s), training already provided by the Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission or the Office of Children and Families in the Courts may meet the requirements of this Rule.

   For continuing education under paragraph (B), juvenile court hearing officers are to attend six hours of instruction from a course or multiple courses designed by the Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission. This is to ensure uniform training among juvenile court hearing officers.

   These requirements are additional requirements to the Pa.R.C.L.E. because they mandate specific training in juvenile delinquency law. However, the credit hours received do count towards the total maximum required under Pa.R.C.L.E. 105.

   Pursuant to paragraph (C), a juvenile court hearing officer is to certify to the court that the requirements of this rule have been met prior to presiding as a juvenile court hearing officer, and submit new affidavits every two years thereafter.

   Official Note

   Rule 182 adopted September 11, 2014, amended July 13, 2015, effective August 1, 2017. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 182 published with the Court’s Order at 44 Pa.B. 6087 (September 27, 2014).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 182 published with the Court’s Order at 45 Pa.B. 3986 (July 25, 2015).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 182 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 182 adopted September 11, 2014, effective October 1, 2016, 44 Pa.B. 6087; amended July 13, 2015, effective August 1, 2017, 45 Pa.B. 3986; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377939) to (377940).

Rule 185. Appointment to Cases.
 A.  Appointment. If necessary to assist the juvenile court judge, the president judge or his or her designee may appoint juvenile court hearing officers to hear designated juvenile delinquency matters.

 B.  Prohibited practice. Juvenile court hearing officers shall not engage in practice before the juvenile court in the same judicial district where they preside over juvenile matters.

   Official Note

   Rule 185 adopted April 1, 2005, effective April 1, 2006. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 185 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 185 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 185 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377940) and (310569).

Rule 187. Authority of Juvenile Court Hearing Officer.
 A.  Cases to be heard by Juvenile Court Hearing Officer. A juvenile court hearing officer shall have the authority to preside over only the following:

   1)  detention hearings, detention review hearings, or shelter-care hearings;

   2)  discovery, pre-adjudicatory, or preliminary proceedings for misdemeanors;

   3)  any hearing in which the petition alleges only misdemeanors; and

   4)  uncontested dispositional review hearings and uncontested probation revocation hearings.

 B.  No authority. A juvenile court hearing officer shall not have the authority to:

   1)  conduct transfer hearings pursuant to Rule 394;

   2)  issue warrants; and

   3)  hear requests for writs of habeas corpus.

 C.  Right to hearing before judge. Prior to the commencement of any proceeding, the juvenile court hearing officer shall inform the juvenile, the juvenile’s guardian(s), if present, the juvenile’s attorney, and the attorney for the Commonwealth that the juvenile and the Commonwealth have a right to have the matter heard by a judge. If the juvenile or the Commonwealth objects to having the matter heard by the juvenile court hearing officer, the case shall proceed before the judge.

Comment
   A juvenile court hearing officer’s authority is limited under paragraph (A) to specifically those types of cases provided. To implement this rule, Rule 800 suspends 42 Pa.C.S. §  6305(b) only to the extent that juvenile court hearing officers may not hear all classes of cases.

   Under paragraph (B)(2), nothing is intended to limit the juvenile court hearing officer’s ability, in a proper case before the juvenile court hearing officer, to recommend to the court that a warrant be issued. This includes arrest, bench, and search warrants.

   Concerning the provisions of paragraph (C), see 42 Pa.C.S. §  6305(b).

   See Rule 127 for recording of proceedings before a juvenile court hearing officer.

   Official Note

   Rule 187 adopted April 1, 2005, effective April 1, 2006. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 187 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 187 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 187 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (310569).

Rule 190. Admissions Before Juvenile Court Hearing Officer.
 A.  Types of cases. A juvenile court hearing officer may accept an admission to any misdemeanor.

 B.  Requirements. The admission requirements of Rule 407 shall be followed.

   Official Note

   Rule 190 adopted April 1, 2005, effective April 1, 2006. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 190 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 190 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (310570).

Rule 191. Juvenile Court Hearing Officer’s Findings and Recommendation to the Judge.
 A.  Announcement of Findings and Recommendation. At the conclusion of the hearing, the juvenile court hearing officer shall announce in open court on the record, the juvenile court hearing officer’s findings and recommendation to the judge.

 B.  Delinquency Recommendation. If a recommendation includes an adjudication of delinquency:

   1)  the juvenile shall be advised of the right to challenge the recommendation pursuant to Rule 192, as set forth in paragraph (E); and

   2)  a colloquy and inquiry of post-dispositional rights shall be conducted pursuant to Rule 512(C).

 C.  Submission of Papers and Contents of Recommendation. Within one business day, the juvenile court hearing officer shall submit a summary of the recommendation to the juvenile court judge. If requested, a copy of the summary shall be given to the juvenile’s attorney, the juvenile, if unrepresented, the attorney for the Commonwealth, and the juvenile probation officer. The summary shall specifically state a recommendation to the judge.

 D.  Judicial Action. The judge shall by order:

   1)  accept the recommendation;

   2)  reject the recommendation and issue an order with a different disposition;

   3)  send the recommendation back to the juvenile court hearing officer for more specific findings; or

   4)  schedule a rehearing under Rule 192 within seven days.

 E.  Advisement of Right to Challenge Recommendation of Adjudication of Delinquency. The hearing officer shall advise the juvenile of the right to challenge the hearing officer’s recommendation substantially in the following form:


RIGHT TO CHALLENGE RECOMMENDATION
OF HEARING OFFICER


In re        	:	  JD  
(Juvenile)
:
:	Delinquent Act(s):      
:	               
:	               
:	               

ADVISEMENT

   1)  You can disagree with the hearing officer’s recommendation. You can ask for a new hearing before a judge. If you want a new hearing, you must request a new hearing in writing within three days from today and say why you want a new hearing.

   2)  You have the right to have a lawyer help you file your request. If your lawyer (who is helping you today) cannot or will not file the request for you, the court will appoint a new lawyer to help you.

   3)  Here’s what could happen if you ask for a new hearing:

     a)   the court can deny your request for a new hearing within seven days after you ask for a new hearing; or

     b)   the court can give you a new hearing within seven days after you ask for a new hearing.

Comment
   The juvenile court may promulgate a form for juvenile court hearing officers to use. The summary of the recommendation may take the form of a court order to be adopted by the court.

   The requirements of paragraph (B) are intended to ensure the juvenile is advised of the right to challenge the juvenile court hearing officer’s recommendation and post-dispositional rights in the event the judge accepts the recommendation. If a party challenges the juvenile court hearing officer’s decision, the copy of the summary may be used as an attachment in a motion for a rehearing in front of the judge.

   The juvenile court hearing officer’s decision is subject to approval of the judge. When the judge, in rejecting the juvenile court hearing officer’s recommendation, modifies a factual determination, a rehearing is to be conducted. The judge may reject the juvenile court hearing officer’s findings and enter a new finding or disposition without a rehearing if there is no modification of factual determinations. See In re Perry, 459 A.2d 789 (Pa. Super. 1983). The juvenile waives the right to complain of double jeopardy if the Commonwealth requests a rehearing before the judge. See In re Stephens, 419 A.2d 1244 (Pa. Super. 1980).

   Nothing in this rule prohibits the court from modifying conclusions of law made by the juvenile court hearing officer.

   The form contained in paragraph (E) is intended to advise juveniles in writing of their right to challenge the recommendation of a delinquency adjudication by a juvenile court hearing officer pursuant to Rule 192 by requesting a rehearing before a juvenile court judge. This form is in addition to the form contained in Rule 512(C) advising a juvenile of post-dispositional rights.

   Official Note

   Rule 191 adopted April 1, 2005, effective April 1, 2006. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017. Amended May 4, 2018, effective July 1, 2018. Amended October 1, 2019, effective January 1, 2020.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 191 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 191 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 191 published with the Court’s Order at 48 Pa.B. 2939 (May 19, 2018).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 191 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 6066 (October 19, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 191 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2107, 47 Pa.B. 2313; amended May 4, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 2939; amended October 1, 2019, effective January 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 6066. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (392306) and (395843).

Rule 192. Challenge to Juvenile Court Hearing Officer’s Recommendation.
 A.  Time limitation. A party may challenge the juvenile court hearing officer’s recommendation by filing a motion with the clerk of courts within three days of receipt of the recommendation. The motion shall request a rehearing by the judge and aver reasons for the challenge.

 B.  Rehearing. The judge shall act on the challenge within seven days of the date of the motion. The detention status of the juvenile will remain the same pending the rehearing unless otherwise ordered by the judge.

Comment
   Under paragraph (A), the petition for a rehearing may be oral or written.

   Under paragraph (B), the judge does not have to grant a rehearing. A judge may deny the request based on the petition. If the judge does grant a hearing, it should be held within seven days of the date of the challenge.

   The juvenile waives the right to complain of double jeopardy if the Commonwealth requests a rehearing before the judge. See In re Stephens, 419 A.2d 1244 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1980).

   Official Note

   Rule 192 adopted April 1, 2005, effective April 1, 2006. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 192 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 192 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 192 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (357289).

PART D(2). JUVENILE PROBATION OFFICERS

Rule 195. Powers, Duties, and Training of a Juvenile Probation Officer.
 A.  Powers and Duties of a Juvenile Probation Officer. Subject to any limitation imposed by the court, a juvenile probation officer shall:

   1)  take children, juveniles, and minors into custody pursuant to:

     a)   the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6304 and 6324;

     b)   the Child Protective Services Law (CPSL), 23 Pa.C.S. § §  6301 et seq.;

     c)   a bench warrant as set forth in Rules 140, 141, and 1140; or

     d)   Rule 1202;

   2)  authorize detention or shelter care for a juvenile, and the shelter care of a child, pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6304, 6325, or 6331;

   3)  receive and examine written allegations unless the District Attorney has elected to receive and approve all written allegations pursuant to Rule 231(B);

   4)  make appropriate referrals for informal adjustment, consent decree, or other diversionary programs;

   5)  file petitions if diversionary programs are not appropriate unless the District Attorney has elected to file all petitions pursuant to Rule 330(A);

   6)  make investigations, reports, including social studies pursuant to Rule 513, and recommendations to the court;

   7)  make appropriate referrals to private and public agencies, psychological or psychiatric providers, drug and alcohol facilities or programs, or any other necessary treatments or programs;

   8)  communicate to the court and parties, and facilitate any special needs, including health and education, of the juvenile;

   9)  supervise and assist a juvenile placed on probation or a child under the court’s protective supervision or care;

   10)  search the person and property of juveniles pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6304(a.1);

   11)  regularly oversee and visit juveniles in placement facilities;

   12)  report suspected child abuse pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  6311;

   13)  receive allegations that a child has failed to satisfy penalties for violating compulsory school attendance, as permitted by local rule; and

   14)  perform any other functions as designated by the court.

 B.  Limitations on Powers and Duties. The President Judge of each judicial district may limit the power and duties of its juvenile probation officers by local rule.

 C.  Training. Within 180 days after being appointed or employed, a juvenile probation officer shall be trained on:

   1)  the Juvenile Act;

   2)  the Pennsylvania Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure;

   3)  the Child Protective Services Law (CPSL); and

   4)  any local procedures.

Comment
   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(1), a juvenile probation officer has the authority to take children, juveniles, and minors into custody pursuant to the Juvenile Act, the CPSL, a bench warrant, or Rule 1202. 23 Pa.C.S. § §  6301 et seq. and 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6301 et seq.

   When a juvenile is under the court’s supervision, the juvenile probation officer may take a juvenile into custody pursuant to the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6304(a)(3) and (5) and 6324(1) through (5), and bench warrants as set forth in Rules 140, 141, and 1140.

   When a child, juvenile, or minor is not under the court’s supervision, the juvenile probation officer, as a duly authorized officer, may take a child, juvenile, or minor into custody pursuant to the Child Protective Services Law (CPSL), 23 Pa.C.S. §  6315 and the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6304 (a)(3) and (5) and 6324(1), (3), and (4).

   A properly commissioned juvenile probation officer is vested with all the powers and duties as set forth in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6304 and the power to take a child into protective custody as a duly authorized officer of the court pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6324 unless the President Judge has limited such authority pursuant to paragraph (B).

   The President Judge may adopt a local rule, pursuant to the procedures of Rule 121 and Pa.R.J.A. No. 103(d), limiting the authority granted by the commission to juvenile probation officers. In determining whether to limit the authority of juvenile probation officers, the President Judge should consider the training and experience necessary to perform the various duties as provided in this rule. For example, the President Judge may choose to prohibit juvenile probation officers from taking a child into protective custody who is believed to be in imminent danger from his or her surroundings, but who is not under the court’s supervision as a delinquent or dependent child. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6324.

   In situations when a juvenile probation officer takes a child into protective custody who is in imminent danger from his or her surroundings pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6325, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6315, and Rule 1202, the juvenile probation officer should take the appropriate steps to ensure the child’s safety, immediately contact the county agency, and document for the county agency the circumstances which necessitated protective custody. See Rule 1202 and its Comment.

   The juvenile probation officer may also supervise or assist a child placed in his or her protective supervision or care by the court. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6304.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(3), the juvenile probation officer is to receive written allegations from local law enforcement agencies to determine if a case may proceed to juvenile court. However, pursuant to Rule 231(B), the District Attorney of any county may require initial receipt and approval of written allegations before a delinquency proceeding may be commenced. See Rule 231(B).

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(6) and (7), the juvenile probation officer is to prepare reports compiling the juvenile’s information for the court and make the necessary referrals to programs supported by a need revealed during the investigation.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(8), the juvenile probation officer is to communicate the information to all parties before approaching the court. See Rule 136 for ex parte communication.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(11), the juvenile probation officer is to oversee all juveniles ordered to placement facilities. Juvenile probation officers should visit all juveniles in placement facilities on a regular basis to determine if: 1) the juvenile is receiving the appropriate treatment; and 2) the facility is meeting the needs of the child. The Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission Standards Governing Aftercare Services recommend that all juveniles be visited on a monthly basis. The juvenile probation officer is to report any irregularities or controversies to the court and all parties as soon as they are made known to the juvenile probation officer.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(13), the President Judge may adopt a local rule to permit the juvenile probation office to receive allegations that a child has failed to pay fines or costs related to a truancy conviction. See 24 P.S.  §  13-1333.3(f)(2). Nothing in this paragraph is intended to preclude the use of diversionary programs to address the nonpayment of fines or costs.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(14), a juvenile probation officer may perform any other function designated by the court to carry out the purposes of the Juvenile Act.

   Pursuant to paragraph (C), the juvenile probation officer is to be trained in the Juvenile Act, the Pennsylvania Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure, the CPSL, and any local procedures. The training is to occur within 180 days of the juvenile probation officer’s appointment or employment. It is best practice for juvenile probation officers to receive training within the first ninety days of employment. It is also best practice that juvenile probation officers receive specialized training and educational updates on a continuing basis.

   Specialized training for juvenile probation officers should include delinquency and dependency procedures and areas that address their duties as officers of the court.

   Official Note

   Rule 195 adopted May 20, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 195 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2839 (June 4, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 195 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 610 (February 9, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 195 amended December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 208, 610. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (392308) to (392310).

























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter2/chap2toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 2. COMMENCEMENT OF PROCEEDINGS,
ARREST PROCEDURES, WRITTEN ALLEGATION,
AND PRE-ADJUDICATORY DETENTION
PART A(1). COMMENCING PROCEEDINGS
Rule


200.    Commencing Proceedings.
PART A(2). ELECTRONIC FILING AND SERVICE
OF LEGAL PAPERS
Rule


205.    Electronic Filing and Service of Legal Papers.
PART B. ARREST PROCEDURES IN DELINQUENCY CASES
(a) Arrest Warrants

210.    Arrest Warrants.
211.    Requirements for Issuance.
212.    Duplicate and Alias Warrants of Arrest.
213.    Execution of Arrest Warrant.
(b) Arrests Without Warrant

220.    Procedure in Cases Commenced by Arrest Without Warrant.
221.    Temporary Detention in Police Lock-Up.
PART C. WRITTEN ALLEGATION PROCEDURES

231.    Written Allegation.
232.    Contents of Written Allegation.
233.    Approval of Private Written Allegations.
PART D. PRE-ADJUDICATORY DETENTION

240.    Detention of Juvenile.
241.    Notice of Detention Hearing.
242.    Detention Hearing.
243.    Detention Rehearings.
PART A. COMMENCING PROCEEDINGS

Rule 200. Commencing Proceedings.
 Juvenile delinquency proceedings within a judicial district shall be commenced by:

   1)  submitting a written allegation pursuant to Rule 231;

   2)  an arrest without a warrant:

     a)   when the offense is a felony or misdemeanor committed in the presence of the police officer making the arrest; or

     b)   upon probable cause when the offense is a felony; or

     c)   upon probable cause when the offense is a misdemeanor not committed in the presence of the police officer making the arrest, when such arrest without a warrant is specifically authorized by statute;

   3)  the filing of a certification with the court that a juvenile has failed to comply with a lawful sentence imposed for a summary offense;

   4)  transfer of a case from a criminal proceeding pursuant to Pa.R.Crim.P. 597 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6322;

   5)  the court accepting jurisdiction of a resident juvenile from another state; or

   6)  the court accepting supervision of a juvenile pursuant to another state’s order.

Comment
   Paragraph (1) allows for commencing delinquency proceedings by submitting a written allegation. This procedure departs from the Juvenile Act, which provides that the filing of a petition commences a proceeding. Rule 800 suspends 42 Pa.C.S. §  6321 only to the extent that it is inconsistent with the procedures of this rule. Petitions filed by any person circumvent the juvenile probation’s office ability to divert the case through informal adjustment as provided in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6323. Probation officers may ‘‘receive and examine complaints and charges of delinquency . . . of a child for the purpose of considering the commencement of proceedings.’’ 42 Pa.C.S. §  6304(a)(2).

   See Rule 231 for procedures on submitting a written allegation.

   For the definition of a ‘‘written allegation,’’ see Rule 120.

   The Juvenile Act provides that ‘‘a child may be taken into custody . . . pursuant to the laws of arrest.’’ 42 Pa.C.S. §  6324. Paragraph (2) states the laws of arrest without a warrant in Pennsylvania. See Pa.R.Crim.P. 502.

   A proceeding may be commenced pursuant to paragraph (3) by filing a certification that attests that the juvenile has failed to comply with a lawful sentence imposed for a summary offense, bypassing the need for a written allegation pursuant to Rule 231.

   Under paragraph (4), when a case is transferred from a criminal proceeding pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6322 to juvenile court, the entire case file is to be transferred. The case file is governed by the disclosure requirements of Rule 160. See Rule 337 for the filing of petition after case has been transferred from a criminal porceeding. See Rule 404 for prompt adjudicatory hearing.

   Paragraph (5) encompasses a juvenile who lives in Pennsylvania and commits a crime in another state and that state wants Pennsylvania to accept the disposition of the juvenile and supervise the juvenile.

   Paragraph (6) encompasses a juvenile who lives outside of Pennsylvania, committed a crime outside of Pennsylvania, is moving to Pennsylvania, and the other jurisdiction would like Pennsylvania to accept the disposition of the juvenile and supervise the juvenile.

   For procedures for when the juvenile is alleged to have violated probation, see Rule 612.

   For inter-county transfer of juveniles, see Rule 302.

   See §  6321(a) of the Juvenile Act for commencement of proceedings under the Juvenile Act. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6321(a).

   Official Note

   Rule 200 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended March 23, 2007, effective August 1, 2007. Amended May 12, 2008, effective immediately. Amended January 23, 2009, effective March 1, 2009. Amended July 31, 2012, effective November 1, 2012.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 200 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 200 published with the Court’s Order at 37 Pa.B. 1485 (April 7, 2007).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 200 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 2360 (May 24, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 200 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 676 (February 7, 2009).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 200 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 5350 (August 18, 2012).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 200 amended March 23, 2007, effective August 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 1483; amended May 12, 2008, effective May 12, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 2360; amended January 22, 2009, effective March 1, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 676; amended July 31, 2012, effective November 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 5350. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (341534) to (341535).

Part A(2) ELECTRONIC FILING AND SERVICE OF LEGAL PAPERS

Rule 205. Electronic Filing and Service of Legal Papers.
 A.  Authorization. The president judge of a judicial district by local rule promulgated pursuant to Rule 121 and Rule of Judicial Administration 103 may authorize electronic filing of legal papers with the clerk of courts in cases in delinquency proceedings through the statewide electronic filing system as provided in this rule.

 B.  Local Rule.

   1)  The local rule required under this rule shall include the following provisions:

     a)   subject to the provisions in paragraph (B)(2), a statement that the electronic filing system is permissive and specify the legal papers subject to the rule, but in no case shall legal papers prohibited from being filed electronically by this rule be permitted to be filed electronically;

     b)   a provision for the procedures to ensure that any party who declines to participate in the system, or who is unable to electronically file or accept service of legal papers which were filed electronically, or who is otherwise unable to access the system, at a minimum, shall be able to file legal papers in a physical paper format and be served legal papers in a physical format which were electronically filed;

     c)   any additional provisions as the court may deem necessary to provide a full and complete procedure for the use of the system within the judicial district; and

     d)   a notation that the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts and the judicial district have agreed upon an implementation plan for PACFile in the judicial district.

   2)  Any judicial district that authorized electronic filing for a period of two years thereafter may amend their local rule, subject to the requirements of Rule 121 and Rule of Judicial Administration 103, to make participation in electronic filing mandatory. For the purpose of establishing the commencement of the period, a judicial district may rely upon an authorization established pursuant to Pa.R.Crim.P. 576.1(B).

 C.  Definitions. As used in this rule, the following words shall have the following meanings:

   ‘‘electronic filing,’’ the electronic submission of legal papers by means other than facsimile transmission and the acceptance of the document by the clerk of courts;

   ‘‘filing party,’’ an attorney, juvenile, or other person who files a legal paper by means of electronic filing;

   ‘‘legal paper,’’ a pleading or other submission to the court, including motions, answers, notices, or other documents, of which filing is required or permitted, including orders, copies of exhibits, and attachments, but excluding:

   1)  applications for search warrants;

   2)  applications for arrest warrants;

   3)  exhibits offered into evidence, whether or not admitted, in a court proceeding; and

   4)  submissions filed ex parte as authorized by law.

   ‘‘original document,’’ a legal paper filed electronically shall be deemed the original document, but copies of exhibits electronically filed do not constitute the original of the exhibit for evidentiary purposes; and

   ‘‘the system,’’ the PACFile electronic filing system, developed and administered by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts, is the exclusive system for electronic filing.

 D.  Participation.

   1)  The system shall permit attorneys, juveniles proceeding without counsel, law enforcement officers, and juvenile probation officers to file electronically.

     a)   In order to participate in the system, an attorney shall establish an account in the system by procedures established by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts.

     b)   A non-attorney shall be permitted to utilize the system through an authorization process established by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts.

   2)  Establishment of an account by an attorney or authorization of a non-attorney in the system, to the extent so authorized by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts pursuant to paragraph (D)(1), shall constitute consent to participate in electronic filing, including acceptance of service electronically of any document filed on the system in any judicial district that permits electronic filing.

   3)  An attorney or non-attorney participating in the system is permitted to file a legal paper either in an electronic format or in a physical paper format. Service upon an attorney or non-attorney participating in the system shall be done electronically.

 E.  Filing.

   1)  When a legal paper is to be electronically filed, it may be submitted to the system at the Unified Judicial System web portal at http://ujsportal.pacourts.us, in accordance with this rule, any local rule adopted pursuant to this rule, and any filing instructions as may be otherwise provided at the web portal site.

   2)  Electronic filings may be submitted at any time, except during times of periodic maintenance. The electronic submission must be completed by 11:59:59 p.m. EST/EDT to be considered filed that day.

   3)  The time and date on which a legal paper is submitted to the system shall be recorded by the system. The system shall provide an acknowledgement to the filing party that the legal paper has been submitted.

   4)  The time and date on which the legal paper is accepted by the clerk of courts office also shall be recorded by the system. The system shall provide an acknowledgement to the filing party that the legal paper has been accepted.

   5)  A legal paper shall be considered filed upon submission of the legal paper to the system and acceptance of the filing by the clerk of courts. If the clerk of courts determines that the requirements for filing have been met, the time and date of filing shall be the time and date that the legal paper was submitted to the system. If the clerk of courts finds that the requirements for filing are not met, the clerk may reject the filing.

   6)  A filing party shall be responsible for any delay, disruption, and interruption of the electronic signals and legibility of the document electronically filed, except when caused by the failure of the system’s website.

   7)  The system shall attribute the filing of an electronic legal paper to the party whose account is used to log onto the system and file the legal paper.

   8)  Legal papers shall be presented for filing in portable document format (‘‘.pdf’’).

   9)  All legal papers electronically filed shall be maintained and retained by the clerk of courts in an electronic format. Neither the clerk of courts nor the court is required to maintain in a physical paper format any legal paper filed electronically as provided in this rule.

   10)  Any legal paper submitted for filing to the clerk of courts in a physical paper format shall be accepted by the clerk of courts in that format and shall be retained by the clerk of courts as may be required by applicable rules of court and record retention policies. The clerk of courts shall convert such legal paper in a physical paper format to .pdf and add it to the system. However, those submissions that are excluded from the definition of ‘‘legal paper’’ under paragraph (C) shall not be converted and added to the system.

   11)  No legal paper that complies with the Pennsylvania Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure shall be refused for filing by the clerk of courts or the electronic filing system based upon a requirement of a local rule or local administrative procedure or practice pertaining to the electronic filing of legal papers.

 F.  Signature.

   1)  Except as provided in paragraph (F)(3), an electronic signature of the filer as provided for in the system is permitted on electronic filings in the following form: /s/ John L. Doe.

   2)  The electronic filing of a motion or answer that includes an electronic signature constitutes a certification pursuant to Pa.R.J.C.P. 344(C)(1) that the filing party or attorney has filed the motion in good faith.

   3)  Any motion that, pursuant to Rule 344(C)(3), avers facts not of record and requiring a verification must be created in a physical paper form, have a physical signature placed on it, and then be converted into a .pdf before it may be electronically filed.

   4)  The original of a verified legal paper that is an electronic filing or is contained within an electronic filing shall be maintained by the electronic filer in either electronic or paper format and made available upon direction of the court or reasonable request of the signatory or opposing party.

 G.  Official Court Record Form. The court by local rule shall provide for the maintenance by the clerk of courts of an electronic file only, or of such electronic and physical paper format files as set forth in the local rule. Those legal papers that are not permitted to be electronically filed pursuant to paragraph (C) shall be maintained in a physical paper format only.

 H.  Service.

   1)  Upon the submission of a legal paper for electronic filing, the system shall provide an electronic notification to other parties and attorneys to the case who are participating in electronic filing that the legal paper has been submitted. This notification upon submission shall satisfy the service requirements of Rules 167(B) and 345(B) on any attorney or party who has established a system account.

   2)  Upon the acceptance by the clerk of courts office of a legal paper for electronic filing, the system shall provide an electronic notification to other parties and attorneys to the case who are participating in electronic filing that the legal paper has been accepted.

   3)  Service of electronic filings on any attorney or party who has not established a UJS web portal account or who is unable to file or receive legal papers electronically or otherwise unable to access the system shall be made by the procedures provided under Rules 167(B) and 345(B).

Comment
   This rule permits as a local practice the electronic filing of legal papers. This rule does not require the implementation of electronic filing by a local court. To provide a uniform system for electronic filing, the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts has developed the PACFile electronic filing system. This is the only authorized system for electronic filing of legal documents in delinquency proceedings.

   Paragraph (B) requires that a judicial district that desires to participate in the electronic filing system must adopt a local rule to that effect. As part of the initial ‘‘opting into’’ electronic filing, this local rule must provide that participation is voluntary. Once a judicial district has allowed electronic filing for two years, participation may be made mandatory. Paragraph (B)(1)(b) requires that all judicial districts in which electronic filing is allowed must make accommodations for those parties who are unable to participate. In no event shall access to the court filing be precluded solely on the basis of participation in the electronic filing system.

   The UJS Portal contains other automated services beside PACFile. There may be circumstances when an attorney, who has registered as a user on another service of the UJS Portal, may have an established account that would be usable for PACFile. Any questions about the requirements of registration or accessibility to PACFile should be referred to the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts.

   The system permits a user to designate other users as proxies on individual cases. These proxies all receive notice of any filing in the case. It is anticipated that offices such as those of a district attorney or public defender would be able to establish general user accounts with particular attorneys assigned and their supervisors or back-ups listed as proxies in individual cases.

   An attorney is responsible for the actions of other individuals whom the attorney authorizes to use the attorney’s account.

   The local rule required by this rule must conform to the requirements of Rule 121 (Local Rules) and Rule of Judicial Administration 103 (Procedures for Adoption, Filing, and Publishing Rules).

   A file in physical paper format is not required by this rule. If the local rule requires a file in physical paper format, the requirement may extend to all cases or only to certain specified cases. For example, the court may require files in physical paper format for cases where an adjudicatory hearing has been scheduled while maintaining only electronic files for cases proceeding by informal adjustment or admission.

   Upon submission of the electronic filing of a legal paper, the electronic filing system shall automatically send notice of the filing to all parties who have agreed to service by electronic transmission, see paragraph (D) (Participation). If the electronic filing system sends notice of such filing, the party filing the legal paper only need serve those parties who are not served by the electronic filing system. An e-mail address set forth on letterhead is not a sufficient basis under this rule to permit electronic service of legal papers.

   Service pursuant to paragraph (H) is not intended to satisfy the notice requirements necessary to obtain a bench warrant pursuant to Pa.R.J.C.P. 140.

   See Rule 167(B) providing for the clerk of courts to serve orders and court notices by facsimile transmission or other means.

   See Rule 345(B) governing service of motions and any written answers, and any notices or documents for which filing is required by facsimile transmission or other means.

   Official Note: Rule 205 adopted December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 205 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 7573 (December 28, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 205 adopted December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 7573.

PART B. ARREST PROCEDURES IN DELINQUENCY CASES


(a) Arrest Warrants

Rule 210. Arrest Warrants.
 A.  Application. An application for an arrest warrant shall be made by submitting a written allegation supported by a probable cause affidavit with the president judge or any issuing authority designated by the president judge of each judicial district. The president judge shall ensure twenty-four hour availability of a designated issuing authority.

 B.  Approval of Commonwealth. When a certification is filed by the District Attorney pursuant to Rule 231, no application for an arrest warrant shall be submitted to the issuing authority unless an attorney for the Commonwealth has approved the application.

 C.  Arrest procedures. When a juvenile is arrested pursuant to a warrant, the case shall proceed in the same manner as a warrantless arrest in accordance with Rule 220.

 D.  Transmission of file. If a magisterial district judge issues an arrest warrant for a juvenile pursuant to paragraph (A), the magisterial district judge shall forward the juvenile case file to the clerk of courts immediately or no later than the next business day.

 E.  Return of arrest warrant. Once the arrest warrant has been executed, it shall be returned to the juvenile probation office. The juvenile probation office shall, immediately and no later than the next business day, notify the magisterial district judge that the warrant has been executed.

 F.  Case closed by magisterial district judge. Once a magisterial district judge has been notified that the arrest warrant has been executed pursuant to paragraph (E), the magisterial district judge shall mark the arrest warrant as served and close the case.

Comment
   For the contents of a written allegation, see Rule 232. See http://www.pacourts.us/Forms/Default.htm for a copy of the written allegation form. For the requirements of the issuance of an arrest warrant, see Rule 211. The arrest warrant form may be accessed by a judge in the Magisterial District Judge System (MDJS) or the Common Pleas Criminal Court Case Management System (CPCMS).

   Under paragraph (A), the president judge of each judicial district may designate a juvenile court judge, another common pleas judge, or other issuing authorities to receive applications for arrest warrants. The president judge also is to designate an issuing authority to receive applications after normal business hours and on holidays. For the definition of ‘‘issuing authority,’’ see Rule 120.

   When issuing an arrest warrant, a magisterial district judge is included in the definition of court pursuant to Rule 120, and as such, the magisterial district judge is to maintain the confidentiality of records as required by Rule 160. For access to court records, see Rule 160.

   Paragraph (A) provides that a magisterial district judge may order the juvenile to be taken into custody pursuant to the laws of arrest. Pursuant to the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6303(b), a district judge of the minor judiciary may not detain a juvenile. This rule allows a magisterial district judge to issue an arrest warrant, which may lead to detention in limited circumstances. See Rule 800 (8).

   Paragraph (D) provides that if the president judge of a judicial district has appointed a magisterial district judge to accept applications for arrest warrants and the magisterial district judge issues an arrest warrant for the juvenile, the magisterial district judge is to send the juvenile case file, including the written allegation supported by a probable cause affidavit, a copy of the arrest warrant, and any other information contained in the juvenile file, to the clerk of courts. For definition of clerk of courts, see Rule 120.

   Paragraph (E) provides that the return of the arrest warrant is to be made with the juvenile probation office. The juvenile probation office immediately is to notify the magisterial district judge of the execution of the arrest warrant so the arrest warrant may be marked as executed in their computer system. This is extremely important so the juvenile does not get rearrested on the same warrant.

   Official Note

   Rule 210 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended March 23, 2007, effective August 1, 2007. Amended December 3, 2007, effective immediately. Amended July 16, 2012, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 210 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 210 published with the Court’s Order at 37 Pa.B. 1485 (April 7, 2007).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 210 published with the Court’s Order at 37 Pa.B. 6743 (December 22, 2007).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 210 amended March 23, 2007, effective August 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 1483; amended December 3, 2007, effective December 3, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 6743; amended July 16, 2012, effective immediately, 42 Pa.B. 4908. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (341535) to (341537).

Rule 211. Requirements for Issuance.
 A.  Probable Cause. No arrest warrants shall be issued but upon probable cause, supported by one or more affidavits sworn to before the issuing authority. The issuing authority, in determining whether probable cause has been established, may not consider any evidence outside the affidavits.

 B.  Evidence. At any proceeding on a motion challenging an arrest warrant, no evidence shall be admissible to establish probable cause for the arrest warrant, other than the affidavits provided for in paragraph (A).

Comment
   This rule does not preclude oral testimony before the issuing authority, but it requires that such testimony be reduced to an affidavit prior to the issuance of a warrant. All affidavits in support of an application for an arrest warrant should be sworn to before the issuing authority prior to the issuance of the warrant.

   This rule carries over to the arrest warrant, the requirement that the evidence presented to the issuing authority be reduced to writing and sworn to, and that only the writing is subsequently admissible to establish that there was probable cause. In these respects, the procedure is similar to that applicable to search warrants. See Pa.R.Crim.P. 203.

   For a discussion of the requirements of probable cause for the issuance of an arrest warrant, see Commonwealth v. Flowers, 369 A.2d 362 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1976).

   The affidavit requirements of this rule are not intended to apply when an arrest warrant is to be issued for noncompliance with a citation, with a summons, or with a court order.

   Official Note

   Rule 211 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Chapter two, Part B published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 212. Duplicate and Alias Warrants of Arrest.
 A.  Duplicates. When a warrant of arrest has been issued and it appears necessary or desirable to issue duplicates for execution, the issuing authority may issue any number of duplicates. Each duplicate shall have the same force and effect as the original. Costs may be assessed only for one such warrant and only one service fee may be charged.

 B.  Alias. After service and execution of an original or duplicate warrant, an alias warrant may be issued if the purpose for which the original or duplicate has been issued has not been accomplished.

   Official Note

   Rule 212 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 212 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 213. Execution of Arrest Warrant.
 A.  A warrant of arrest may be executed at any place within the Commonwealth.

 B.  A police officer shall execute a warrant of arrest.

Comment
   For the definition of ‘‘police officer,’’ see Rule 120.

   Official Note

   Rule 213 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Chapter two, Part B published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

(b) Arrests Without Warrant

Rule 220. Procedure in Cases Commenced by Arrest Without Warrant.
 A.  The person arresting a juvenile shall promptly:

   1)  notify the juvenile’s guardian of:

     a)   the arrest of the juvenile;

     b)   the reason for the arrest; and

     c)   the juvenile’s whereabouts; and

   2)  either:

     a)   release the juvenile to his or her guardian upon the guardian’s promise to bring the juvenile before the court when requested by the court, unless detention of the juvenile is warranted; or

     b)   deliver the juvenile before the court or to a detention facility designated by the court; or

     c)   deliver the juvenile to a medical facility if the juvenile is believed to be suffering from a physical condition or illness that requires prompt treatment.

 B.  In all cases, the person arresting the juvenile promptly shall submit the written allegation, as required by Rule 231(A)(2).

Comment
   The juvenile probation officer can accept juveniles for the court as described in paragraph (A)(2)(b).

   The release of the juvenile does not eliminate the requirement of submission of a written allegation. For the general procedures governing written allegations, see Chapter Two, Part (C).

   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6326.

   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6308 for the taking of fingerprints and photographs by law enforcement officers. The arresting officer is to ensure that the fingerprints and photographs are forwarded to the central repository as required by the Pennsylvania State Police. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6309(c).

   If a juvenile is detained, the juvenile is to be placed in a detention facility, which does not include a county jail or state prison. See Rule 120 and its Comment for definition of ‘‘detention facility.’’

   Official Note

   Rule 220 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Chapter Two, Part B published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 220 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 220 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 3938 (July 13, 2013).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 220 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately, 43 Pa.B. 3938. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (347589).

Rule 221. Temporary Detention in Police Lock-Up.
 A.  Secure detention. A juvenile under arrest may be held securely in a police lock-up or other facility that houses an adult lock-up only under the following conditions:

   1)  the secure holding shall only be for the purpose of identification, investigation, processing, releasing or transferring the juvenile to a guardian, juvenile court, or detention facility;

   2)  the secure holding shall be limited to the minimum time necessary to complete the procedures listed in paragraph (A)(1), but in no case may such holding exceed six hours; and

   3)  if so held, the juvenile shall be separated by sight and sound from incarcerated adult offenders and shall be under the continuous visual supervision of law enforcement officials or facility staff.

 A juvenile shall be deemed to be held securely only when physically detained, confined in a locked room or cell, or when secured to a cuffing rail or other stationary object within the facility.

 B.  Non-secure detention. Notwithstanding other provisions of law, a juvenile may be held in non-secure custody in a building or facility that houses an adult lock-up only under the following conditions:

   1)  the area where the juvenile is held is an unlocked multi-purpose area that is not designated or used as a secure detention area or is not part of a secure detention area; or, if the area is a secure booking or similar area, it is used only for processing purposes;

   2)  the juvenile is not physically secured to a cuffing rail or other stationary object during the period of custody in the facility;

   3)  the area is limited to providing non-secure custody only long enough for the purposes of identification, investigation, processing or release to guardians or for arranging transfer to another agency or appropriate facility; and

   4)  the juvenile shall be under continuous visual supervision by a law enforcement officer or other facility staff during the period of non-secure custody.

Comment
   This rule reflects certain provisions of §  6326 of the Juvenile Act. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6326.

   The terms ‘‘police lock-up’’ and ‘‘adult lock-up’’ as used in this rule do not include a county jail or state prison. If detained, a juvenile is not to be held in a county jail or state prison. The use of a temporary holding cell at the local or state police station or courthouse is permissible if the requirements of this rule have been met.

   Official Note

   Rule 221 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 221 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 3938 (July 13, 2013).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 221 amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately, 43 Pa.B. 3938. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (347590).

PART C. WRITTEN ALLEGATION PROCEDURES

Rule 231. Written Allegation.
 A.  Submission. In every delinquency case, the law enforcement officer shall submit a written allegation to the juvenile probation office.

   1)  Juvenile not under arrest. When a juvenile is not under arrest, a written allegation shall be submitted to the juvenile probation office and a copy shall be forwarded to the attorney for the Commonwealth unless the District Attorney elects to require initial receipt and approval of the written allegation under paragraph (B).

   2)  Juvenile under arrest. When a juvenile is under arrest, a written allegation shall be submitted promptly to the court or detention facility, and copies shall be immediately forwarded to the juvenile probation office and the attorney for the Commonwealth unless the District Attorney elects to require initial receipt and approval of the written allegation under paragraph (B).

 B.  Approval by the District Attorney. The District Attorney of any county may require initial receipt and approval of written allegations by an attorney for the Commonwealth before a delinquency proceeding is commenced.

   1)  Certification. If the District Attorney elects to require initial receipt and approval of written allegations in his or her county, the District Attorney shall file a certification with the court of common pleas. The certification shall specifically state the classes, grading, or types of cases that the police officer shall submit to the attorney for the Commonwealth.

   2)  Timeliness. All written allegations shall be approved or disapproved without unreasonable delay. An attorney for the Commonwealth shall be available at all times for this purpose unless the District Attorney has specified otherwise in the certification pursuant to (B)(1).

 C.  Procedures Following the Attorney for the Commonwealth’s Approval.

   1)  Juvenile not under arrest. If a juvenile is not under arrest and an attorney for the Commonwealth approves the written allegation, notice of the approval and a copy of the written allegation shall be forwarded immediately to the juvenile probation office.

   2)  Juvenile under arrest. If a juvenile is under arrest, the written allegation shall be submitted to the attorney for the Commonwealth and approved prior to taking the juvenile to a detention facility. If the written allegation is approved, it shall be submitted promptly to the court or detention facility. A copy of the notice of the approval and the written allegation shall be forwarded to the juvenile probation office.

 D.  Attorney for the Commonwealth’s Disapproval. If the written allegation has been disapproved for prosecution, it shall nevertheless be transmitted to the juvenile probation office with notice of the disapproval. If the juvenile is in custody, the juvenile shall be released immediately unless there are other grounds for the juvenile’s detention.

Comment
   A ‘‘petition’’ and a ‘‘written allegation’’ are two separate documents and serve two distinct functions. A ‘‘written allegation’’ is the document that initiates juvenile delinquency proceedings. Usually, the ‘‘written allegation’’ will be filed by a law enforcement officer and will allege that the juvenile has committed a delinquent act that comes within the jurisdiction of the juvenile court. Once this document is submitted, a preliminary determination of the juvenile court’s jurisdiction is to be made. Informal adjustment and other diversionary programs may be pursued. If the attorney for the Commonwealth or the juvenile probation officer determines that formal juvenile court action is necessary, a petition is then filed.

   See Rules 210 (Arrest Warrants) and 220 (Procedures in Cases Commenced by Arrest Without Warrant) for the procedures on submitting written allegations for arrests.

   Under paragraphs (A)(2) and (C)(2), the police officer is to submit the written allegation promptly to the intake staff at the court or the detention facility.

   As used in this rule, ‘‘District Attorney’’ is the District Attorney of each county. This rule gives the District Attorney of each county the option of requiring that written allegations and /or arrest warrant affidavits filed in that county by police officers have the prior approval of an attorney for the Commonwealth. Under the rule, the District Attorney may elect to require prior approval of written allegation, or arrest warrant affidavits (see Rule 210), or both. In addition, the District Attorney is given the authority to define which offenses or grades of offenses will require such prior approval. For example, the District Attorney may specify that prior approval will be required only if a felony is alleged, or that prior approval will be required for all cases.

   Under paragraph (B), the District Attorney decides whether an attorney for the Commonwealth receives initial receipt and approval of written allegations. Once the District Attorney has filed a certification with the court under paragraph (B)(1), any attorney for the Commonwealth may receive and approve written allegations as specified in the certification by the District Attorney. This procedure creates a new option for the District Attorney to decide if written allegations need to be approved by an attorney for the Commonwealth. To implement this procedure, Rule 800 suspends 42 Pa.C.S. §  6304, only to the extent that probation officers may have to seek approval of any attorney for the Commonwealth.

   Under paragraph (D), a juvenile should be released from custody unless there are other legally sufficient bases for detaining the juvenile, such as, violation of probation or other pending allegations.

   If a juvenile is detained, the juvenile is to be placed in a detention facility, which does not include a county jail or state prison. See Rule 120 and its Comment for definition of ‘‘detention facility.’’

   Official Note

   Rule 231 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 231 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 231 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 3938 (July 13, 2013).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 231 amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately, 43 Pa.B. 3938. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (347590) to (347592).

Rule 232. Contents of Written Allegation.
 Every written allegation shall contain:

   1)  the name of the person making the allegations;

   2)  the name, date of birth, and address, if known, of the juvenile, or if unknown, a description of the juvenile;

   3)  a statement that:

     a)   it is in the best interest of the juvenile and the public that the proceedings be brought; and

     b)   the juvenile is in need of treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation;

   4)  the date when the offense is alleged to have been committed; provided, however:

     a)   if the specific date is unknown, or if the offense is a continuing one, it shall be sufficient to state that it was committed on or about any date within the period of limitations; and

     b)   if the date or day of the week is an essential element of the offense alleged, such date or day shall be specifically set forth;

   5)  the place where the offense is alleged to have been committed;

   6)  a) a summary of the facts sufficient to advise the juvenile of the nature of the offense alleged; and

     b) the official or customary citation of the statute and section, or other provision of law which the juvenile is alleged to have violated, but an error in such citation shall not affect the validity or sufficiency of the written allegation;

   7)  the name and age of any conspirators, if known;

   8)  a statement that the acts were against the peace and dignity of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania or in violation of an ordinance of a political subdivision;

   9)  a notation indicating whether the juvenile has or has not been fingerprinted and photographed;

   10)  a notation if criminal laboratory services are requested in the case;

   11)  a verification by the person making the allegation that the facts set forth in the written allegation are true and correct to the person’s personal knowledge, information, or belief, and that any false statement made is subject to the penalties of the Crimes Code, 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities;

   12)  the signature of the person making the allegation and the date of execution of the written allegation; and

   13)  the name and address of the juvenile’s guardian, or if unknown, the name and address of the nearest adult relative.

Comment
   This rule sets forth the required contents of all written allegations whether the person making the allegation is a law enforcement officer, a police officer, or a private citizen. See http://www.pacourts.us/Forms/Default.htm for a copy of the written allegation form that is to be submitted.

   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6308 for the taking of fingerprints and photographs pursuant to paragraph (a).

   Official Note

   Rule 232 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 3, 2007, effective immediately. Amended January 23, 2009, effective March 1, 2009. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 232 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 232 published with the Court’s Order at 37 Pa.B. 6743 (December 22, 2007).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 232 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 676 (February 7, 2009).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 232 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 232 amended December 3, 2007, effective December 3, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 6743; amended January 23, 2009, effective March 1, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 676; amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (341540) to (341541).

Rule 233. Approval of Private Written Allegations.
 A.  Submission of written allegation. When the person making the allegation is not a law enforcement officer, the written allegation shall be submitted to the juvenile probation officer for approval, unless the District Attorney has elected to require initial receipt and approval under Rule 231(B). The juvenile probation officer or the attorney for the Commonwealth shall approve or disapprove the written allegation without unreasonable delay.

 B.  Requirements.

   1)  Approval. If the private written allegation is approved, the case shall proceed as any other written allegation under Rule 231(C) and (D).

   2)  Disapproval. If the written allegation is disapproved, the attorney for the Commonwealth or the juvenile probation officer shall state the reasons on the written allegation form and return it to the person making the allegation. The person making the allegation may file a motion for review of the disapproval by the court.

Comment
   For the contents of a written allegation, see Rule 231.

   In all cases where the affiant is not a law enforcement officer, the written allegation should be submitted for approval or disapproval by the juvenile probation officer or the attorney for the Commonwealth. Once the allegation is approved, the case should proceed as any other written allegation would proceed. See Rule 231.

   When the person filing a document alleging a juvenile committed a delinquent act is a private citizen, he or she should follow the same process and proceedings as probation officers and law enforcement officers. Private citizens are not to be afforded additional rights when it comes to adjudicating a juvenile delinquent. The purpose of the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6334, is achieved by providing an avenue for the private citizen to commence a delinquency proceeding by submitting a written allegation. If the written allegation is disapproved, the private citizen has the right to challenge the decision by motion to the court of common pleas. If the court of common pleas overturns the decision of the attorney for the Commonwealth or the juvenile probation officer, the court should direct the attorney for the Commonwealth or the juvenile probation officer to approve the written allegation and proceed with the case in the same manner as any other case. This procedure ensures informal action is not precluded, such as, informal adjustment. Once a petition is filed, informal adjustment is not allowed. See Comment to Rule 312. In addition, Rule 800 suspends 42 Pa.C.S. §  6334 only to the extent that a private citizen may not submit a petition.

   For motions and service, see Rules 344 and 345.

   Official Note

   Rule 233 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 233 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

PART D. PRE-ADJUDICATORY DETENTION

Rule 240. Detention of Juvenile.
 A.  Detention Requirements. If a juvenile is brought before the court or delivered to a detention facility designated by the court, the juvenile probation officer immediately shall:

   1)  examine the written allegation;

   2)  make an investigation, which may include an intake conference with the juvenile, the juvenile’s attorney, guardian, or other interested and informed adult; and

   3)  release the juvenile, unless it appears that the juvenile’s detention is warranted.

 B.  Filing of Petition. The release of the juvenile shall not prevent the subsequent filing of a petition.

 C.  Prompt Hearing. If the juvenile is not released, a detention hearing shall be held no later than 72 hours after the juvenile is placed in detention. Neither the juvenile nor the juvenile’s attorney shall be permitted to waive the detention hearing.

 D.  Time Restrictions. Except as provided in this paragraph, if the adjudicatory hearing is not held, as required by Rule 404(A), or a transfer hearing is not held, as required by Rule 391(B), the juvenile shall be released.

   1)  Upon motion, a juvenile may be detained for an additional single period not to exceed 10 days when the court determines that:

     a)   evidence material to the case is unavailable;

     b)   due diligence to obtain such evidence has been exercised; and

     c)   there are reasonable grounds to believe that such evidence will be available at a later date.

   2)  Upon motion, a juvenile may be detained for additional periods, each of which shall not exceed 10 days, if the delay is caused by the juvenile. The court shall state on the record if failure to hold the hearing resulted from delay caused by the juvenile. Delay caused by the juvenile shall include, but not be limited to:

     a)   delay caused by the unavailability of the juvenile or the juvenile’s attorney;

     b)   delay caused by any continuance granted at the request of the juvenile; or

     c)   delay caused by the unavailability of a witness resulting from conduct by or on behalf of the juvenile.

   3)  Whenever extended detention is sought under this paragraph, the court shall consider whether detention remains warranted.

Comment
   If a juvenile is detained, the guardian should be notified immediately. See Rules 220 (Procedure in Cases Commenced by Arrest Without Warrant) and 313(B) (Detention from Intake—Notice to Guardian) for notification of the guardian.

   Nothing in paragraph (C) is intended to preclude the use of stipulations or agreements among the parties, subject to court review and acceptance at the detention hearing.

   Under paragraph (D)(2), if the juvenile causes delay, the juvenile may continue to be held in detention. Additional periods of detention should not individually exceed ten days. The time restrictions of paragraph (D) apply to a juvenile who is placed in detention, even if previously released.

   For motions for continuance, see Rule 122.

   Under paragraph (D)(3), whenever extension of a juvenile’s detention may result, the court should consider whether continued detention is warranted and whether a less restrictive alternative to secured detention is available. Factors for determining whether continued detention is warranted include: protection of the juvenile; protection of others or their property; the risk the juvenile may abscond or be removed from the court’s jurisdiction; and whether the juvenile has a parent, guardian, or custodian able to provide supervision and care for the juvenile and return the juvenile to the court when required. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6325.

   For statutory provisions on detention, see 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6325, 6331, 6335. For the Juvenile Court Judges Commission’s Detention Standards, see 37 Pa. Code § §  200.101 et seq. (2007).

   If a juvenile is detained, the juvenile is to be placed in a detention facility, which does not include a county jail or state prison. See Rule 120 and its Comment for definition of ‘‘detention facility.’’

   Official Note

   Rule 240 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately. Amended May 16, 2017, effective July 1, 2017. Amended November 30, 2021, effective April 1, 2022.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 240 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 240 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 3938 (July 13, 2013).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 240 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 3078 (June 3, 2017).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 240 published with the Courts’ Order at 51 Pa.B. 7629 (December 11, 2021).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 240 amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately, 43 Pa.B. 3938; amended May 16, 2017, effective July 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 3078; amended November 30, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7629. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387259) to (387260).

Rule 241. Notice of Detention Hearing.
 Notice of the detention hearing, including date, time, place, and purpose, shall be given to:

   1)  the juvenile;

   2)  the juvenile’s guardian;

   3)  the juvenile’s attorney;

   4)  the juvenile probation officer;

   5)  the attorney for the Commonwealth;

   6)  the victim; and

   7)  any other appropriate persons.

Comment
   Notice should be as timely as possible. Because there is a seventy-two hour time restriction, notice may be oral. Every possible attempt should be made to notify all interested persons.

   If a guardian has not been notified, a rehearing is to be ordered under Rule 243 upon submission of an affidavit by the guardian.

   The attorney for the Commonwealth or its designee is to notify the victim of the date, time, place, and purpose of the hearing. See Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P. S. §  11.201 et seq.

   Any persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the detention hearing. See Rule 123 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333. However, nothing in these rules requires the attendance of the victim unless subpoenaed.

   Official Note

   Rule 241 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 241 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 241 amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (357294).

Rule 242. Detention Hearing.
 A.  Informing juvenile of rights. Upon commencement of the hearing, the court shall:

   1)  provide a copy of the written allegation to the juvenile and the juvenile’s guardian, if present;

   2)  inform the juvenile of the right to counsel and to retain private counsel or to be assigned counsel; and

   3)  inform the juvenile of the right to remain silent with respect to any allegation of delinquency.

 B.  Manner of hearing.

   1)  Conduct.

     a)   The hearing shall be conducted in an informal but orderly manner.

     b)   The attorney for the Commonwealth shall:

       i)   attend the hearing; and

       ii)   present such evidence as the Commonwealth deems necessary to support the written allegation and the need for detention.

   2)  Recording. If requested by the juvenile or the Commonwealth, or if ordered by the court, the hearing shall be recorded by appropriate means. If not so recorded, full minutes of the hearing shall be kept.

   3)  Testimony and evidence.

     a)   All evidence helpful in determining the questions presented, including oral or written reports, may be received by the court and relied upon to the extent of its probative value even though not competent in the hearing on the petition.

     b)   The juvenile’s attorney and the attorney for the Commonwealth shall be afforded an opportunity to examine and controvert written reports so received.

   4)  Juvenile’s rights. The juvenile shall be present at the detention hearing and the juvenile’s attorney may:

     a)   cross-examine witnesses offered against the juvenile; and

     b)   offer evidence or witnesses, if any, pertinent to the probable cause or detention determination.

   5)  Advanced communication technology. A court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 129 for a juvenile or a witness unless good cause is shown otherwise.

 C.  Findings. The court shall determine whether:

   1)  there is probable cause that a delinquent act was committed by the juvenile;

   2)  detention of the juvenile is warranted; and

   3)  there are any special needs of the juvenile that have been identified and that the court deems necessary to address while the juvenile is in detention.

 D.  Filing of petition. If a juvenile remains detained after the hearing, a petition shall be filed with the clerk of courts within twenty-four hours or the next court business day.

 E.  Court’s order. At the conclusion of the detention hearing, the court shall enter a written order setting forth its findings pursuant to paragraph (C).

Comment
   A detention hearing consists of two stages. The first stage of a detention hearing is a probable cause hearing. If probable cause is not found, the juvenile is to be released. If probable cause is found, then the court is to proceed to the second stage.

   The second stage of a detention hearing is a detention determination hearing. The court should hear pertinent evidence concerning the detention status of the juvenile, review and consider all alternatives to secure detention, and determine if the detention of the juvenile is warranted.

   An additional determination is required in paragraph (C)(3), although this is not a third stage of the detention hearing. It is important that the court address any special needs of the juvenile while the juvenile is in detention. The juvenile’s attorney, the juvenile probation officer, or detention staff is to present any educational, health care, and disability needs to the court, if known at the time of the hearing. Special needs may include needs for special education, remedial services, health care, and disability. If the court determines a juvenile is in need of an educational decision maker, the court is to appoint an educational decision maker pursuant to Rule 147.

   When addressing the juvenile’s needs concerning health care and disability, the court’s order should address the right of: 1) a juvenile to receive timely and medically appropriate screenings and health care services, 55 Pa. Code §  3800.32 and 42 U.S.C. §  1396d(r); and 2) a juvenile with disabilities to receive necessary accommodations, 42 U.S.C. §  12132, 28 C.F.R. §  35.101 et seq., Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. §  794, and implementing regulations at 45 C.F.R. §  84.1 et seq.

   Pursuant to the Juvenile Act, the court has authority to order a physical or mental examination of a juvenile and medical or surgical treatment of a minor, who is suffering from a serious physical condition or illness, which requires prompt treatment in the opinion of a physician. The court may order the treatment even if the guardians have not been given notice of the pending hearing, are not available, or without good cause inform the court that they do not consent to the treatment. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6339(b).

   The procedures of paragraph (D) deviate from the procedures of the Juvenile Act. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6331. Under paragraph (D), a petition does not have to be filed within twenty-four hours of the juvenile’s detention; rather, the petition should be filed within twenty-four hours of the conclusion of the detention hearing if the juvenile is detained. See Rule 800(11). If the juvenile is not detained, a petition may be filed at any time prior to the adjudicatory hearing. However, the juvenile’s attorney should have sufficient notice of the allegations prior to the adjudicatory hearing to prepare for the defense of the juvenile. See Rule 330 for petition requirements, Rule 331 for service of the petition, and Rule 363 for time of service.

   The victim may be present at the hearing. See Rule 132 and 18 P.S. §  11.201 et seq. Any persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the hearing. See Rule 123 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333. However, nothing in these rules requires the attendance of the victim unless subpoenaed. If the victim is not present, the victim is to be notified of the final outcome of the proceeding. See Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P.S. §  11.201 et seq.

   See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6332, 6336, and 6338 for the statutory provisions concerning informal hearings and other basic rights.

   Official Note

   Rule 242 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended July 18, 2012, effective October 1, 2012. Amended February 6, 2017, effective April 1, 2017. Amended May 16, 2017, effective July 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 242 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 242 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2319 (May 7, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 242 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 242 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 242 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 4909 (August 4, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 242 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 941 (February 18, 2017).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 242 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 3078 (June 3, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 242 amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180; amended July 18, 2012, effective October 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 4909; amended February 6, 2017, effective April 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 941; amended May 16, 2017, effective July 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 3078. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (386523) to (386525).

Rule 243. Detention Rehearings.
 A.  Mandatory Rehearing. If the guardian submits an affidavit to the juvenile probation officer alleging that the guardian was not notified of the detention hearing and that the guardian did not appear or waive appearance at the detention hearing, a rehearing shall be held within seventy-two hours of the submission of the affidavit.

 B. Discretionary Rehearing. The court may grant a rehearing upon request of the juvenile’s attorney, the juvenile, if unrepresented, or the attorney for the Commonwealth, or on its own motion.

 C.  Forum. The judge, who heard the original detention hearing or adopted the findings of the juvenile court hearing officer, shall hold the rehearing, unless the judge assigns the case to a juvenile court hearing officer.

Comment
   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6332(b).

   Under paragraph (A), upon receiving an affidavit, the juvenile probation officer is to schedule a rehearing, forward the affidavit to the proper person to schedule a rehearing, or submit the affidavit to the court for rescheduling.

   Under paragraph (C), only a judge may hold a rehearing, unless the judge orders a juvenile court hearing officer to hear the case.

   Official Note

   Rule 243 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 243 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 243 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 243 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387263) to (387264).



























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter3/chap3toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 3. PRE-ADJUDICATORY PROCEDURES
PART A. VENUE
Rule


300.    Venue.
302.    Inter-County Transfer.
PART B. INTAKE AND INFORMAL ADJUSTMENT

310.    Pre-Intake Duties, Scheduling, and Notice.
311.    Intake Conference.
312.    Informal Adjustment.
313.    Detention from Intake.
PART C. PETITION

330.    Petition: Filing, Contents, Function.
331.    Service of Petition.
332.    Multiple Offenses in Petition.
333.    Separate Petitions.
334.    Amendment of Petition.
335.    Withdrawal of Petition.
336.    Re-Filing of the Petition After Withdrawal or Dismissal.
337.    Filing of Petition after Case has been Transferred from Criminal Proceedings.
PART D. PROCEDURES FOLLOWING FILING OF PETITION

340.    Pre-Adjudicatory Discovery and Inspection.
341.    Notice of Alibi Defense.
PART D(1). MOTION PROCEDURES

344.    Motions and Answers.
345.    Filing and Service.
346.    Omnibus Motion for Relief.
347.    Time for Omnibus Motion and Service.
348.    Disposition of Omnibus Motions.
350.    Suppression of Evidence.
351.    Adjudicatory Hearing on Separate Petitions.
352.    Separate Adjudicatory Hearings for Offenses or Juveniles.
353.    Motion for Return of Property.
PART D(2). ADJUDICATORY SUMMONS AND NOTICE PROCEDURES

360.    Summons and Notice.
362.    Requirements of the Summons.
363.    Service of Summons and Notice.
364.    Failure to Appear on the Summons.
PART E. CONSENT DECREE

370.    Consent Decree.
371.    Objection to Consent Decree.
373.    Conditions of Consent Decree.
PART F. PRESERVATION OF TESTIMONY AND EVIDENCE

380.    Preservation of Testimony After Commencement of Proceedings.
381.    Preservation of Testimony by Video Recording.
384.    DNA Testing (Reserved).
PART G. TRANSFER FOR CRIMINAL PROSECUTION

390.    Notice of Request for Transfer to Criminal Proceedings.
391.    Time Restrictions for Detention of Juveniles Scheduled for Transfer Hearing.
394.    Transfer Hearing.
395.    Procedure to Initiate Criminal Information.
396.    Bail.
PART A. VENUE

Rule 300. Venue.
 A.  Generally. A delinquency proceeding shall be commenced in:

   1)  the county in which the delinquent act was allegedly committed; or

   2)  the juvenile’s county of residence.

 B.  Change of venue. The juvenile may file a motion for change of venue if there is substantial prejudice to the juvenile. The court shall decide the motion.

 C.  Transmission of all records. If there is a change of venue pursuant to paragraph (B):

   1)  the transferring court shall transfer certified copies of all documents, reports, and summaries in the juvenile’s official court record to the receiving court; and

   2)  The juvenile probation office of the transferring court shall transfer its juvenile probation files to the juvenile probation office where venue has been transferred.

   Official Note

   Rule 300 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 300 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 300 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 300 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 3203 (June 9, 2012).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 300 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3203. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (347596) and (357769).

Rule 302. Inter-County Transfer.
 A.  Adjudication of Delinquency. When the court proceeds to an adjudicatory hearing for non-resident juveniles, it shall hear evidence on the petition pursuant to Rule 406 or accept an admission pursuant to Rule 407 and shall rule on the offenses in accordance with Rule 408. The court may transfer the case to the juvenile’s county of residence for a hearing to determine if the juvenile is in need of treatment, rehabilitation, or supervision pursuant to Rule 409 and if the court finds the juvenile to be in need of treatment, rehabilitation, or supervision, the receiving court shall proceed under Chapter Five.

 B.  Courtesy Supervision.

   1)  The court may transfer supervision of the juvenile to the juvenile’s county of residence after:

     a)   a consent decree is entered; or

     b)   a dispositional order is entered; and

   2)  The county providing courtesy supervision may, with cause, withdraw supervision at any time and return the matter for further action to the county which entered the dispositional order.

 C.  Transmission of all records. If the case is transferred pursuant to paragraph (A) or (B):

   1)  the transferring court shall transfer certified copies of all documents, reports, and summaries in the juvenile’s official court record to the receiving court;

   2)  the juvenile probation office of the transferring court shall transfer its juvenile probation files to the juvenile probation office where jurisdiction has been transferred.

Comment
   The purpose of allowing transfer of disposition and supervision of the juvenile to the juvenile’s county of residence is to allow probation to supervise the juvenile closely. Supervision is difficult if the juvenile lives in another county.

   Under paragraph (B), this rule also may apply if the juvenile moves to a different county in this Commonwealth at some stage in the proceedings.

   When the case is being transferred under paragraph (A), the transferring court should enter a finding of the amount of restitution owed and to whom it should be paid, if ordered. A restitution order should be included in the dispositional order, if applicable, under paragraph (B).

   Official Note

   Rule 302 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 302 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 302 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 3203 (June 9, 2012).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 302 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3203. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (357769) to (357770).

PART B. INTAKE AND INFORMAL ADJUSTMENT

Rule 310. Pre-Intake Duties, Scheduling, and Notice.
 A.  Juvenile probation officer duties. After a written allegation is submitted, the juvenile probation officer shall gather pertinent information to determine whether:

   1)  the allegations are within the jurisdiction of the juvenile court; and

   2)  it is appropriate to schedule an intake conference.

 B.  Scheduling. Intake conferences shall be scheduled within a reasonable time after submission of the written allegation.

 C.  Notice. The juvenile probation officer shall make all reasonable efforts to provide actual notice of the intake conference to the juvenile and the juvenile’s guardian.

Comment
   If the juvenile probation officer has exhausted all methods of communication with the juvenile’s guardian, the juvenile probation officer may proceed with the intake conference without the presence of the guardian. If the juvenile is detained at the intake conference without the presence of a guardian, the juvenile probation officer is to notify the guardian of the detention of the juvenile immediately. See Rule 313(B).

   Official Note

   Rule 310 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Chapter three, Part B published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 311. Intake Conference.
 A.  Generally. The juvenile probation officer may conduct an intake conference to determine what further action, if any, should be taken.

 B.  Juvenile probation officer’s duties. Before proceeding with an intake conference, the juvenile probation officer shall:

   1)  provide a copy of the written allegation to the juvenile, the juvenile’s guardian, if present, and the juvenile’s attorney, if present; and

   2)  inform the juvenile and the juvenile’s guardian, if present, of the juvenile’s rights; and

   3)  afford the victim the opportunity to offer prior comment on the disposition of the case if informal adjustment or an alternative resolution of the case is being considered.

 C.  Rescheduling. If a juvenile fails to appear for an intake conference, the juvenile probation officer may attempt to reschedule the conference.

 D.  Bench Warrants.

   1)  If the juvenile fails to appear for an intake conference, the juvenile probation officer may notify the court that the juvenile has failed to appear for the conference.

   2)  If a judge finds that sufficient notice of the intake conference was given, the judge may issue a bench warrant. The judge may not find notice solely based on first-class mail service.

   3)  If a bench warrant is issued, the case shall proceed pursuant to Rules 140 and 240.

 E.  Notice, motion, and hearing.

   1)  The juvenile probation officer shall provide the attorney for the Commonwealth with notice of the decision resulting from the intake conference.

   2)  Within a reasonable time of receiving the notice, the attorney for the Commonwealth may file a motion requesting review by the court of the juvenile probation officer’s action.

   3)  The court shall conduct a hearing on the motion.

Comment
   Under paragraph (A), in making a decision, the juvenile probation officer should balance the interests of the victim and protection of the community, imposition of accountability on the juvenile for offenses committed, and the development of competencies for the juvenile. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301. The juvenile probation officer should consult with the victim, the attorney for the Commonwealth, the juvenile, the juvenile’s attorney, if present, and the juvenile’s guardian to determine how the case should be handled. See Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P. S. §  11.201 et seq.

   For the statutory protections concerning statements made by the juvenile, see 42 Pa.C.S. §  6323(e).

   Pursuant to paragraphs (C) and (D), if a juvenile fails to appear for an intake conference, juvenile probation officers should use their discretion in determining whether to reschedule the intake conference or ask the court to issue a bench warrant.

   Pursuant to paragraph (D)(2), in determining sufficient notice, the judge may not find notice solely based on first-class mail service. See also Rule 140(A)(2) and its Comment.

   Under paragraph (E), it is anticipated that the attorney for the Commonwealth should consult with the juvenile probation officer before any court action.

   Nothing in these rules is intended to confer a right upon any person, not already afforded by law, to attend an intake conference. If the attorney for the Commonwealth objects pursuant to paragraph (E)(2), the court is to conduct a hearing on the motion. The attorney for the Commonwealth or its designee is to notify the victim of the date, time, place, and purpose of the hearing conducted pursuant to paragraph (E)(3). The victim may be present at the hearing on the objections and is to be afforded the opportunity to submit an oral and/or written victim-impact statement. See Rule 132 and the Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P. S. §  11.201 et seq.

   Official Note

   Rule 311 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended September 30, 2009, effective January 1, 2010. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 311 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 311 with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 6029 (October 17, 2009).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 311 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 311 amended September 30, 2009, effective January 1, 2010, 39 Pa.B. 6029; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (347598) and (348305) to (348306).

Rule 312. Informal Adjustment.
 A.  Participation. At any time prior to the filing of a petition, the juvenile probation officer may informally adjust the allegation(s) if it appears:

   1)  an adjudication would not be in the best interest of the public and the juvenile;

   2)  the juvenile and the juvenile’s guardian consent to informal adjustment with knowledge that consent is not obligatory; and

   3)  the admitted facts bring the case within the jurisdiction of the court.

 B.  Completion.

   1)  If the juvenile successfully completes the informal adjustment, the case shall be dismissed and prosecution is barred.

   2)  If the juvenile does not successfully complete the informal adjustment, a petition shall be filed.

Comment
   Pursuant to paragraph (A), informal adjustments may not occur after the filing of a petition. See Rule 800(12), which suspends 42 Pa.C.S. §  6323(a) only to the extent that it conflicts with this rule. See also Commonwealth v. J.H.B., 760 A.2d 27 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2000).

   The juvenile probation officer or other agencies may give ‘‘counsel and advice’’ as to the informal adjustment. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6323(b). ‘‘Counsel and advice’’ may include referral to a social service agency or other conditions as agreed to by the juvenile probation officer and the juvenile.

   A juvenile’s participation in an informal adjustment may not exceed six months, unless extended by order of the court for an additional period not to exceed three months. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6323(c). Any incriminating statements made by the juvenile to the juvenile probation officer and in the discussions or conferences incident thereto are not to be used against the juvenile over objection in any criminal proceeding or hearing under the Juvenile Act. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6323(e).

   Prior to informally adjusting the written allegation, the juvenile probation officer is to give the victim an opportunity to submit an oral and/or written victim-impact statement if the victim so chooses. The juvenile probation officer is to include the payment of restitution agreed to be owed to the victim as a condition of sucessful completion of an informal adjustment by a juvenile. If the victim is not present, the victim is to be notified of the final outcome of the proceeding. See Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P. S. §  11.201 et seq.

   If a petition is filed because the juvenile has not successfully completed the requirements of an informal adjustment, the procedures of Rule 330 are to be followed.

   Official Note

   Rule 312 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended February 12, 2010, effective immediately. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 312 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 312 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 1073 (February 27, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 312 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 312 amended February 12, 2010, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 1073; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (348306) to (348307).

Rule 313. Detention from Intake.
 A.  Detention. If it is determined at an intake conference that a juvenile should be detained, the matter shall proceed pursuant to Rule 240.

 B.  Notice to Guardian. If a guardian is not present at the intake conference, the juvenile probation officer immediately shall notify the guardian of the juvenile’s detention.

Comment
   The provision concerning notification of a guardian in Rule 220 is to be followed.

   Official Note

   Rule 313 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Chapter three, Part B published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

PART C. PETITION

Rule 330. Petition: Filing, Contents, Function.
 A. Certification. The District Attorney of any county may require that an attorney for the Commonwealth shall file all petitions. If the District Attorney elects to require an attorney for the Commonwealth to file the petition, the District Attorney shall file a certification with the court of common pleas. The certification shall:

   1)  state that an attorney for the Commonwealth shall file petitions; and

   2)  specify any limitations on the filing or classes of petitions.

 B. Filings. In every delinquency proceeding, the attorney for the Commonwealth or the juvenile probation officer shall file a petition with the clerk of courts if it has been determined that informal adjustment or another diversionary program is inappropriate.

 C. Petition Contents. Every petition shall set forth plainly:

   1)  the name of the petitioner;

   2)  the name, date of birth, and address, if known, of the juvenile, or if unknown, a description of the juvenile;

   3)  a statement that:

     a)   it is in the best interest of the juvenile and the public that the proceedings be brought; and

     b)   the juvenile is in need of treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation;

   4)  the date when the offense is alleged to have been committed; provided, however:

     a)   if the specific date is unknown, or if the offense is a continuing one, it shall be sufficient to state that it was committed on or about any date within the period of limitations; and

     b)   if the date or day of the week is an essential element of the offense alleged, such date or day shall be specifically set forth;

   5)  the place where the offense is alleged to have been committed;

   6) a) i)  a summary of the facts sufficient to advise the juvenile of the nature of the offense alleged; and

       ii)   the official or customary citation of the statute and section, or other provision of law which the juvenile is alleged to have violated, but an error in such citation shall not affect the validity or sufficiency of the written allegation; or

     b)   a certification that the juvenile has not complied with the sentence imposed for a conviction of a summary offense.

   7)  the name and age of any conspirators, if known;

   8)  a statement that the acts were against the peace and dignity of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania or in violation of an ordinance of a political subdivision;

   9)  a notation indicating whether the juvenile has or has not been fingerprinted and photographed;

   10)  a notation if criminal laboratory services are requested in the case;

   11)  a verification by the petitioner that the facts set forth in the petition are true and correct to the petitioner’s personal knowledge, information, or belief, and that any false statements are subject to the penalties of the Crimes Code, 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities;

   12)  the signature of the petitioner and the date of the execution of the petition;

   13)  the whereabouts of the juvenile and if taken into custody, the date and time thereof;

   14)  the name and address of the juvenile’s guardian, or if unknown, the name and address of the nearest adult relative; and

   15)  an averment as to whether the case is eligible pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6307(b)(1.1)(ii) for limited public information.

Comment
   Under paragraph (A), the District Attorney may file a certification with the court of common pleas stating that only an attorney for the Commonwealth may file a petition. If a certification has not been filed, then an attorney for the Commonwealth or a juvenile probation officer may file a petition.

   A private citizen has the right to file a written allegation, not a petition. See Rule 800. The written allegation commences the proceedings in the juvenile system. See Rule 200. The case should progress in the same manner as any other case in the juvenile system. If the written allegation is disapproved, the private citizen may file a motion challenging the disapproval with the court of common pleas. See Comment to Rule 233.

   Informal adjustment or other diversionary programs should be considered before a petition is filed. Once a petition is filed, informal adjustment is not permitted. See Comment to Rule 312 and Commonwealth v. J.H.B., 760 A.2d 27 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2000).

   Petitions should be filed without unreasonable delay. See Commonwealth v. Dallenbach, 729 A.2d 1218 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1999).

   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6308 for the taking of fingerprints and photographs pursuant to paragraph (C)(9).

   The contents of a petition are the same as a written allegation except for the additional requirements in paragraphs (C)(6)(b), (13), and (15).

   Pursuant to paragraph (15), the petitioner is to designate whether the allegations in the juvenile’s petition make the case eligible for limited public information. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6307(b)(2). When the case is designated, the clerk of courts is to mark the file clearly. For information that is available to the public in those eligible cases, see Rule 160.

   Official Note

   Rule 330 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended August 20, 2007, effective December 1, 2007. Amended January 23, 2009, effective March 1, 2009. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended February 13, 2019, effective June 28, 2019.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 330 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 330 published with the Court’s Order at 37 Pa.B. 4866 (September 8, 2007).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 330 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 676 (February 7, 2009).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 330 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 330 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 916 (March 2, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 330 amended August 21, 2007, effective December 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 4866; amended January 23, 2009, effective March 1, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 676; amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended February 13, 2019, effective June 28, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 916. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (357773) to (357776).

Rule 331. Service of Petition.
 A.  Copy. Upon the filing of a petition, a copy of the petition shall be served promptly upon the juvenile, the juvenile’s guardian, the juvenile’s attorney, the attorney for the Commonwealth, and the juvenile probation officer.

 B.  Service to juvenile and guardian. The service of the petition to the juvenile and the juvenile’s guardian shall be by first-class mail or delivered in-person.

 C.  Service to attorneys and juvenile probation officer. The service of the petition to the juvenile’s attorney, attorney for the Commonwealth, and juvenile probation officer shall be by first-class mail or delivered in-person unless all individuals otherwise agree upon an alternative method.

Comment
   The purpose of paragraph (A) is to insure the juvenile and the juvenile’s attorney have notice of the allegations to prepare the case adequately. If the juvenile is detained, service is to follow immediately after the filing of the petition. See Rule 242(D) for the twenty-four hour filing requirement.

   Alternative methods of service that may be utilized under paragraph (C) could be electronic transmission, facsimile, county agency inter-office mail, and other similar methods.

   Official Note

   Rule 331 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 332. Multiple Offenses in Petition.
 A.  Different incidents. When more than one offense is alleged to have been committed within a judicial district by a juvenile arising from different delinquent episodes, one petition may be filed. However, each incident shall be described separately in conformity with the requirements of Rule 330(C)(4)—(6).

 B.  Same incidents. When more than one offense is alleged to have been committed within a judicial district by a juvenile arising from the same delinquent episode, a single petition shall be filed.

Comment
   The purpose of paragraph (A) is to permit one petition for multiple offenses arising from different delinquent episodes. The offenses are to be stated with particularity to inform the juvenile of the allegations. See Rule 330(C)(4) through (6) for specific requirements.

   Under paragraph (B), a single petition is to be submitted for offenses arising from the same delinquent episode.

   Official Note

   Rule 332 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 332 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 333. Separate Petitions.
 When more than one juvenile is alleged to have participated in the commission of an offense, a separate petition for each juvenile shall be filed.

Comment
   If there are conspirators to any of the alleged offenses, the names and ages, if known, of all conspirators are to be referenced in the petition. See Rule 330(C)(7).

   Hearings on the petitions may be consolidated for such further action as may be required by Rule 351.

   Official Note

   Rule 333 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 334. Amendment of Petition.
 A.  Amendment.

   1)  The court shall allow a petition to be amended when there is a defect in:

     a)   form;

     b)   the description of the offense;

     c)   the description of any person or property; or

     d)   the date alleged.

   2)  The court shall not allow a petition to be amended if the petition alleges a different set of events or offenses, where the elements or defenses are materially different from the elements or defenses to the offense originally petitioned.

 B.  Continuance. Upon amendment, the court may:

   1)  grant a continuance of the adjudicatory hearing; or

   2)  order other relief as is necessary in the interests of justice.

Comment
   For continuances, see Rule 122.

   Official Note

   Rule 334 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 334 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 335. Withdrawal of Petition.
 The attorney for the Commonwealth may withdraw the petition. The withdrawal shall be filed with the clerk of courts.

Comment
   See Rule 345 for the procedures on filings and service.

   Official Note

   Rule 335 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 336. Re-Filing of the Petition After Withdrawal or Dismissal.
 A.  Re-filing. The attorney for the Commonwealth may re-file a petition after the petition has been withdrawn pursuant to Rule 335 or dismissed by the court.

 B.  Motion for dismissal. The court may entertain a motion by the juvenile to dismiss the re-filed petition.

Comment
   A juvenile may be rearrested after the allegations have been dismissed prior to jeopardy attaching if the statute of limitations has not expired. Cf. Commonwealth v. Revtai, 532 A.2d 1 (Pa. 1987). The petition should be dismissed upon a finding that the attorney for the Commonwealth acted to harass the juvenile, the offenses are beyond the statute of limitations, or there is some other prejudice to the juvenile. See Commonwealth v. Chermansky, 552 A.2d 1128 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1989). See also Commonwealth v. Thorpe, 701 A.2d 488 (Pa. 1997).

   If a petition is re-filed, the procedures of Rule 330 are to be followed. It may be necessary to have a detention hearing under the procedures of Rule 240(C).

   Official Note

   Rule 336 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 337. Filing of Petition after Case has been Transferred from Criminal Proceedings.
 A.  Commencement of proceedings. Pursuant to Rule 200(4), the transfer of a case from a criminal proceeding pursuant to Pa.R.Crim.P. 597 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6322 commences juvenile court action.

 B.  Filing of the petition. When a juvenile is transferred from a criminal proceeding:

   1)  a new petition shall be filed immediately; or

   2)  the criminal complaint shall be converted into a petition immediately pursuant to paragraph (C).

 C.  Conversion of criminal complaint. The criminal complaint shall be converted into a petition when supplemented with the following information and filed with the clerk of courts pursuant to Rule 330(B):

   1)  the juvenile’s date of birth;

   2)  the names and ages of any conspirators, if known;

   3)  the name and address of the juvenile’s guardian, or if unknown, the name and address of the nearest adult relative;

   4)  whether the case is eligible pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6307(b)(1.1)(ii) for limited public information; and

   5)  the transfer order, including, a statement which provides:

     a)   it is in the best interest of the juvenile and the public that the proceedings be brought in juvenile court; and

     b)   the juvenile is amenable to treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation as a juvenile.

Comment
   When a judge orders the transfer of a juvenile from a criminal proceeding to a juvenile proceeding, the transfer order commences the juvenile delinquency proceeding. See Rule 200(4).

   When a juvenile is transferred from a criminal proceeding to a juvenile proceeding, a new petition may be filed but is not necessary if the criminal complaint is converted into a petition when supplemented with the information as provided in paragraph (C). The petition is to be filed with the clerk of courts and the case is to proceed as any other juvenile case following the Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure.

   If the juvenile is detained, an adjudicatory hearing is to be held within ten days of the filing of the petition. See also Rule 404.

   Official Note

   Rule 337 adopted July 31, 2012, effective November 1, 2012. Amended February 13, 2019, effective June 28, 2019.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 337 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 5350 (August 18, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 337 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 916 (March 2, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 337 adopted July 31, 2012, effective November 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 5350; amended February 13, 2019, effective June 28, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 916. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (363626) to (363627).

PART D. PROCEDURES FOLLOWING FILING OF PETITION

Rule 340. Pre-Adjudicatory Discovery and Inspection.
 A.  Informal. Before either party can seek any disclosure or discovery under these rules, counsel for the parties shall make a good faith effort to resolve all questions of discovery, and to provide information required or requested under these rules as to which there is no dispute. When there are items requested by one party that the other party has refused to disclose, the demanding party may make an appropriate motion to the court. Such motion shall be made as soon as possible prior to the adjudicatory hearing. In such motion, the party shall state that a good faith effort to discuss the requested material has taken place and proved unsuccessful. Nothing in this rule shall delay the disclosure of any items agreed upon by the parties pending resolution of any motion for discovery.

 B.  Mandatory disclosure by the Commonwealth. In all cases, on request by the juvenile’s attorney or the juvenile, if unrepresented, and subject to any protective order which the Commonwealth might obtain under this rule, the Commonwealth shall disclose to the juvenile’s attorney or the juvenile, if unrepresented, all of the following requested items or information, provided they are material to the instant case. The Commonwealth shall, when applicable, permit the juvenile’s attorney or the juvenile, if unrepresented, to inspect and copy or photograph such items.

   1)  Any evidence favorable to the juvenile that is material either to adjudication or to disposition, and is within the possession or control of the attorney for the Commonwealth;

   2)  any written confession or inculpatory statement, or the substance of any oral confession or inculpatory statement, and the identity of the person to whom the confession or inculpatory statement was made that is in the possession or control of the attorney for the Commonwealth;

   3)  the circumstances and results of any identification of the juvenile by voice, photograph, or in-person identification;

   4)  any results or reports of scientific tests, expert opinions, and written or recorded reports of polygraph examinations or other physical or mental examinations of the juvenile that are within the possession or control of the attorney for the Commonwealth;

   5)  any tangible objects, including documents, photographs, fingerprints, or other tangible evidence; and

   6)  the transcripts and recordings of any electronic surveillance, and the authority by which the said transcripts and recordings were obtained.

 C.  Discretionary. Upon motion of the attorney for the Commonwealth, the juvenile’s attorney, or the juvenile, if unrepresented, for pre-adjudicatory discovery, the court may order, subject to the juvenile’s right against self-incrimination, any discovery upon a showing that the evidence is material to the preparation of the case and that the request is reasonable.

 D.  Continuing Duty to Disclose. If, prior to or during the adjudicatory hearing, either party discovers additional evidence or material previously requested or ordered to be disclosed by it, which is subject to discovery or inspection under this rule, or the identity of an additional witness or witnesses, such party promptly shall notify the opposing party or the court of the additional evidence, material, or witness.

 E.  Remedy. If at any time during the course of the proceedings it is brought to the attention of the court that a party has failed to comply with this rule, the court may order such party to permit discovery or inspection, may grant a continuance, or may prohibit such party from introducing evidence not disclosed, other than testimony of the juvenile, or it may enter such other order as it deems just under the circumstances.

 F.  Protective orders. Upon a sufficient showing, the court may, at any time, order that the discovery or inspection be denied, restricted, or deferred, or make such other order as is appropriate. Upon motion of any party, the court may permit the showing to be made, in whole or in part, in the form of a written statement to be inspected by the court. If the court enters an order granting relief, the entire text of the statement shall be sealed and preserved in the records of the court to be made available to the appellate court(s) in the event of an appeal.

 G.  Work Product. Disclosure shall not be required of legal research or of records, correspondence, reports, or memoranda to the extent that they contain the opinions, theories, or conclusions of the attorney for the Commonwealth or the juvenile’s attorney, or members of their legal staffs.

Comment
   The purpose of paragraph (A) is to encourage an informal discovery process. Only when the informal process fails and there is a general dispute as to discovery, should a motion to compel discovery be made. Motions may be oral or written, see Rule 344.

   For provisions under paragraph (B)(2), see Commonwealth v. Burke, 781 A.2d 1136 (Pa. 2001).

   Rule 800 suspends §  5720 of the Wiretapping and Electronic Surveillance Control Act, 18 P. S. §  5720 as being inconsistent with this Rule only insofar as the section may delay disclosure to the juvenile seeking discovery under paragraph (B)(6).

   Under paragraph (C), the following are examples of evidence that may be material to the preparation of the case: 1) the names and contact information of eyewitnesses; 2) all written or recorded statements, and substantially verbatim oral statements, of eyewitnesses; 3) all written and recorded statements, and substantially verbatim oral statements, made by the juvenile, and by conspirators or accomplices, whether such individuals have been charged or not; and 4) any other evidence specifically identified, provided the requesting party can additionally establish that its disclosure would be in the interests of justice, including any information concerning any person involved in the case who has received either valuable consideration, or an oral or written promise or contract for valuable consideration, for information concerning the case, or for the production of any work describing the case, or for the right to depict the character of the person in connection with his or her involvement in the case.

   Any evidence or material requested cannot interfere with the juvenile’s right against self-incrimination.

   Under paragraph (C), the court has discretion, upon motion, to order an expert who is expected to testify at the adjudicatory hearing to prepare a report. However, these provisions are not intended to require a prepared report in every case. The court should determine, on a case-by-case basis, whether a report should be prepared. For example, a prepared report ordinarily would not be necessary when the expert is known to the parties and testifies about the same subject on a regular basis. On the other hand, a report might be necessary if the expert is not known to the parties or is going to testify about a new or controversial technique.

   Whenever the rule makes reference to the term ‘‘identification,’’ or ‘‘in-person identification,’’ it is understood that such terms are intended to refer to all forms of identifying a juvenile by means of the juvenile’s person being in some way exhibited to a witness for the purpose of an identification: e.g., a line-up, stand-up, show-up, one-on-one confrontation, one-way mirror, etc. The purpose of this provision is to make possible the assertion of a rational basis for a claim of improper identification based upon Stovall v. Denno, 388 U. S. 293 (1967) and United States v. Wade, 388 U. S. 218 (1967).

   This rule is not intended to affect the admissibility of evidence that is discoverable under this rule or evidence that is the fruits of discovery, nor the standing of the juvenile to seek suppression of such evidence.

   It is intended that the remedies provided in paragraph (E) apply equally to the Commonwealth and the juvenile, as the interests of justice require.

   The provision for a protective order, paragraph (F), does not confer upon the Commonwealth any right of appeal not presently afforded by law.

   It should also be noted that as to material which is discretionary with the court, or which is not enumerated in the rule, if such information contains exculpatory evidence as would come under the Brady rule, it is to be disclosed. Nothing in this rule is intended to limit in any way disclosure of evidence constitutionally required to be disclosed.

   In addition to information requested under this rule, an attorney has the right to inspect all court records and files, including juvenile probation files. See Rules 160 and 161.

   Official Note

   Rule 340 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 340 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 340 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 3203 (June 9, 2012).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 340 amended May 21, 2012, effective August 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 3203. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (310596) to (310599).

Rule 341. Notice of Alibi Defense.
 A.  Notice by the juvenile’s attorney or juvenile, if unrepresented. A juvenile who intends to offer the defense of alibi at the adjudicatory hearing shall, at least two days prior to the adjudicatory hearing, give the attorney for the Commonwealth notice of the intention to claim such defense. Such notice shall include specific information as to the place or places where the juvenile claims to have been at the time of the alleged offense and the names and contact information of witnesses whom the juvenile intends to call in support of such claim.

 B.  Failure to Give Notice. If the juvenile fails to give notice of an alibi defense as required by this rule, or omits any witness from such notice, the court at the adjudicatory hearing may exclude the testimony of any omitted witness, or may exclude entirely any evidence offered by the juvenile for the purpose of proving the defense, except testimony by the juvenile, or may grant a continuance to enable the Commonwealth to investigate such evidence, or may make such other order as the interests of justice require.

 C.  Impeachment. A juvenile may testify concerning an alibi notwithstanding that the juvenile has not given notice, but if the juvenile has given notice and testifies concerning his or her presence at the time of the offense at a place or time different from that given in the notice, the juvenile may be cross-examined concerning such notice.

 D.  Disclosure of Reciprocal Witnesses. Prior to the adjudicatory hearing, the attorney for the Commonwealth shall disclose to the juvenile’s attorney or the juvenile, if unrepresented, the names and contact information, that have not been previously disclosed, of all persons the Commonwealth intends to call as witnesses to disprove or discredit the juvenile’s claim of alibi.

 E.  Failure to Supply Reciprocal Notice. If the attorney for the Commonwealth fails to disclose a list of its witnesses as required by this rule, or omits any witness, the court at the adjudicatory hearing may exclude the testimony of any omitted witness, or may exclude any evidence offered by the Commonwealth for the purpose of disproving the alibi, or may grant a continuance to enable the defense to investigate such evidence, or may make such other order as the interests of justice require.

   Official Note

   Rule 341 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

PART D(1). MOTION PROCEDURES

Rule 344. Motions and Answers.
 A.  Generally. All motions and answers shall be made orally on the record or in writing. An answer to a motion is not required unless ordered by the court or otherwise provided in these rules. Failure to answer shall not constitute an admission of the well-pleaded facts alleged in the motion.

 B.  Represented juvenile. If counsel represents a juvenile, the attorney shall make or file all motions and answers.

 C.  Requirements for motions. All motions shall comply with the following requirements:

   1)  The person making the motion shall sign a written motion. The signature shall constitute a certification that the motion is made in good faith. An oral motion shall be made on the record and the oral motion shall constitute a certification that the motion is made in good faith.

   2)  The motion shall state with particularity the grounds for the motion, the facts that support each ground, and the types of relief or order requested.

   3)  If the motion sets forth facts that do not already appear of record in the case, a verification shall be included or an oral statement shall be given that the facts set forth in the motion are true and correct to the movant’s personal knowledge, information, or belief.

   4)  If the motion is written, a certificate of service as required by Rule 345(C) shall be included.

 D.  Requirements for answers. All answers, including those that are required either by court order or otherwise required by these rules, shall comply with the following requirements:

   1)  The person making the answer shall sign the answer or shall reply to the motion on the record. The signature or oral answer on the record shall constitute a certification that the answer is being made in good faith.

   2)  The answer shall meet the allegations of the motion and shall specify the type of relief, order, or other action sought.

   3)  If the answer sets forth facts that do not already appear of record in the case, a verification shall be included or an oral answer shall include a statement that the facts set forth in the answer are true and correct to the respondent’s personal knowledge, information, or belief.

   4)  If the answer is written, a certificate of service as required by Rule 345(C) shall be included.

 E.  Alternative relief. Any motion may request such alternative relief as may be appropriate.

 F.  Waiver of relief. The failure, in any motion, to state a type of relief or order, or a ground, shall constitute a waiver of such relief, order, or ground.

Comment
   Under paragraph (A), oral motions and answers are permitted because of the emphasis on prompt disposition in juvenile court. Answers to written motions may be made orally if the answer complies with the requirements of this rule.

   Under paragraphs (C)(4) and (D)(4), a certificate of service is required for all written motions and answers. See Rule 345(B) for service of documents and Rule 345(C) for certificates of service.

   Official Note

   Rule 344 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 344 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 345. Filing and Service.
 A.  Filings.

   1)  Generally. Except as otherwise provided in these rules, all written motions, and any notice or document for which filing is required, shall be filed with the clerk of courts.

   2)  Clerk of Courts’ Duties. Except as provided in paragraph (A)(3), the clerk of courts shall docket a written motion, notice, or document when it is received and record the time of filing in the docket. The clerk of courts promptly shall transmit a copy of these papers to such person as may be designated by the court.

   3)  Filings by Represented Juveniles. In any case in which a juvenile is represented by an attorney, if the juvenile submits for filing a written motion, notice, or document that has not been signed by the juvenile’s attorney, the clerk of courts shall not file the motion, notice, or document in the official court record or make a docket entry, but shall forward it promptly to the juvenile’s attorney.

   4)  Method of Filing. Filing may be accomplished by:

     a)   personal delivery to the clerk of courts;

     b)   mail addressed to the clerk of courts, provided, however, that filing by mail shall be timely only when actually received by the clerk within the time fixed for filing; or

     c)   in a judicial district that permits electronic filing pursuant to Rule 205, as provided in Rule 205(E).

 B.  Service.

   1)  Generally. The party filing the document shall serve the other party concurrently with the filing.

   2)  Method of Service to Parties. Service on the parties shall be:

     a)   by personal delivery of a copy to a party’s attorney, or, if unrepresented, the party;

     b)   by mailing a copy to a party’s attorney or leaving a copy for the attorney at the attorney’s office;

     c)   in a judicial district that maintains in the courthouse assigned boxes for counsel to receive service, by leaving a copy for the attorney in the attorney’s box;

     d)   by sending a copy to an unrepresented juvenile by first class mail addressed to the juvenile’s place of residence, detention, or placement; or

     e)   as provided in Rule 205(D)(2) and (H)(1) in a judicial district that permits electronic filing pursuant to Rule 205.

 C.  Proof of Service. All documents that are filed and served pursuant to this rule shall include a certificate of service.

Comment
   See Rule 166 for maintaining records in the clerk of courts.

   Under paragraph (A)(2), the court is to designate a court official to process motions and other matters for appropriate scheduling and resolution.

   Under paragraph (B), the party filing a document is required to serve the other party.

   This rule does not affect court orders, which are to be served upon each party’s attorney and the juvenile, if unrepresented, by the clerk of courts as provided in Rule 167.

   For the procedures for electronic filing and service as a local option, see Rule 205.

   For service of petitions, see Rule 331.

   Official Note

   Rule 345 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended July 28, 2009, effective immediately. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendment to Rule 345 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 4743 (August 8, 2009).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 345 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 345 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 7573 (December 28, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 345 amended August 7, 2009, effective immediately, 39 Pa.B. 4743; amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 7573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (347605) to (347606).

Rule 346. Omnibus Motion for Relief.
 Unless otherwise required in the interests of justice, all pre-adjudicatory requests for relief shall be included in one omnibus motion filed prior to the adjudicatory hearing.

Comment
   Types of relief appropriate for the omnibus motion include the following requests:

    (1) for continuance;

    (2) for separate or joint adjudicatory hearings;

    (3) for suppression of evidence;

    (4) for psychiatric examination;

    (5) to dismiss a petition;

    (6) to disqualify a judge;

    (7) for appointment of investigator; and

    (8) for pre-adjudicatory hearing conference.

   The omnibus motion rule is not intended to limit other types of motions, oral or written, made pre-adjudication or during the adjudicatory hearing, including those traditionally called motions in limine, which may affect the admissibility of evidence or the resolution of other matters. The earliest feasible submissions and rulings on such motions are encouraged.

   For instances when the court is to recuse itself, see Code of Judicial Conduct. Recusal is necessary when there is bias, prejudice, improper influence, or appearance of impropriety. Commonwealth v. Benchoff, 700 A.2d 1289 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1997).

   Official Note

   Rule 346 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 347. Time for Omnibus Motion and Service.
 A.  Time. An omnibus motion shall be made as soon as practical but can be made at any time prior to the calling of the first witness at the adjudicatory hearing.

 B.  Service. If the omnibus motion is written, copies shall be served in accordance with Rule 345.

Comment
   For general requirements concerning the filing and service of motions and answers, see Rule 345.

   Rule 800 suspends §  5720 of the Wiretapping and Electronic Surveillance Control Act, 18 P. S. §  5720 as being inconsistent with this Rule only insofar as the time frame for making a motion to suppress is concerned.

   Official Note

   Rule 347 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 348. Determination of Omnibus Motions.
 Unless otherwise provided in these rules, all omnibus motions shall be determined before the adjudicatory hearing. If necessary for the determination of the omnibus motion, the court may postpone the adjudicatory hearing.

   Official Note

   Rule 348 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005; amended July 28, 2009, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendment to Rule 348 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 4748 (August 8, 2009).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 348 amended August 7, 2009, effective August 8, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 4743. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (310603).

Rule 350. Suppression of Evidence.
 A.  Motion by attorney or juvenile, if unrepresented. The juvenile’s attorney or the juvenile, if unrepresented, may make a motion to the court to suppress evidence. The motion shall state specifically and with particularity the evidence sought to be suppressed, the grounds for suppression, and the supporting facts and events.

 B.  Timeliness. Unless the opportunity did not previously exist, or the interests of justice otherwise require, a motion to suppress shall be contained in the omnibus motion set forth in Rule 346. If a timely motion is not made, the issue of suppression of such evidence shall be deemed to be waived.

 C.  Findings. At the conclusion of the hearing, the court shall enter on the record a statement of findings of fact and conclusions of law as to whether the evidence was obtained in violation of the juvenile’s rights, or in violation of these rules or any statute, and shall make an order granting or denying the relief sought.

 D.  Decision final and binding. If the court determines that the evidence shall not be suppressed, such determination shall be final, conclusive, and binding at the adjudicatory hearing, except upon a showing of evidence that was unavailable, but nothing in this rule shall prevent a juvenile from opposing such evidence at the adjudicatory hearing upon any ground except its suppressibility.

Comment
   This rule is designed to provide one single procedure for the suppression of evidence alleged to have been obtained in violation of the juvenile’s rights. This rule extends its coverage to specific provisions in violation of the fourth, fifth, and sixth amendments of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, § §  8 & 9 of the Pennsylvania Constitution. In re R.H., 791 A.2d 331 (Pa. 2002), Commonwealth v. Scott, 369 A.2d 809 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1976); In re Cowell, 364 A.2d 718 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1976). See In re Gault, 387 U. S. 1 (1967).

   In all cases, the burden of production is upon the Commonwealth. See In re Betrand, 303 A.2d 486 (Pa. 1973); In re Stoutzenberger, 344 A.2d 668 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1975), citing Commonwealth ex rel. Butler v. Rundle, 239 A.2d 426 (Pa. 1968).

   Under paragraph (B), if a motion to suppress is not timely made, it is deemed waived. In re Cox, 402 A.2d 534 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1979). See Commonwealth v. Spriggs, 344 A.2d 880 (Pa. 1975); Commonwealth v. Wylie, 344 A.2d 491 (Pa. 1975).

   With regard to the recording and transcribing of the evidence adduced at the proceeding, see Rule 127.

   All motions to suppress are to comply with the provisions of Rules 344 and 345.

   To join this motion with a motion for return of property, see Comment to Rule 353.

   Rule 800 suspends §  5720 of the Wiretapping and Electronic Surveillance Control Act, 18 P. S. §  5720 as being inconsistent with this Rule only insofar as the time frame for making a motion to suppress is concerned.

   Official Note

   Rule 350 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 351. Adjudicatory Hearing on Separate Petitions.
 A.  Standards. An adjudicatory hearing may be held for:

   1)  offenses alleged in separate petitions if the evidence of each of the offenses would be admissible in a separate adjudicatory hearing for the other;

   2)  offenses alleged in separate petitions if the offenses alleged are based on the same act or transaction;

   3)  juveniles alleged in separate petitions if they are alleged to have participated in the same act or transaction or in the same series of acts or transactions.

 B.  Procedure.

   1)  Oral or written notice that offenses or juveniles alleged in separate petitions will be heard together shall be given to the juvenile’s attorney or the juvenile, if unrepresented, prior to the adjudicatory hearing. If the notice is written, a copy of the notice shall be filed with the clerk of courts.

   2)  When notice has not been given under paragraph (B)(1), any party may move to consolidate the adjudicatory hearing for separate petitions. The motion ordinarily shall be included in an omnibus motion.

Comment
   Under the scheme set forth in this rule, it can be assumed that offenses alleged in the same petition will be heard together. See Rule 332. Similarly, offenses or juveniles will be heard together if notice is given pursuant to (B)(1) of this rule. In these situations, the court may order separate hearings either when the standards in paragraph (A) are not met or pursuant to Rule 352. Absent notice pursuant to paragraph (B)(1), a motion for consolidation is required under paragraph (B)(2). A party may oppose such a motion either on the ground that the standards in paragraph (A) are not met, or pursuant to Rule 352.

   Paragraph (A)(1) is based upon statutory and case law that, ordinarily, if all offenses arising from the same episode are not heard together, subsequent prosecution on any such offense not already heard may be barred. In re Huff, 582 A.2d 1093 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1990), citing Commonwealth v. Campana, 304 A.2d 432, vacated and remanded, 414 U. S. 808 (1973), addendum opinion on remand, 314 A.2d 854 (Pa. 1974).

   Official Note

   Rule 351 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 352. Separate Adjudicatory Hearings for Offenses or Juveniles.
 The court may order separate adjudicatory hearings for offenses or juveniles, or provide other appropriate relief, if it appears that offenses or juveniles being heard together may prejudice any party.

Comment
   This rule provides the procedure whereby the court may, because of prejudice to a party, order separate adjudicatory hearings for offenses or juveniles that otherwise would be properly heard together under Rule 351. A juvenile may also request separate adjudicatory hearings for offenses or juveniles on the ground that hearing them together would be improper under Rule 351.

   Under Rule 346 (Omnibus Motion for Relief), any request for separate adjudicatory hearings ordinarily is to be made in an omnibus motion or it is considered waived.

   Official Note

   Rule 352 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 352 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 353. Motion for Return of Property.
 A.  Return for lawful possession. A person aggrieved by a search and seizure, whether or not executed pursuant to a warrant, may move for the return of the property on the ground that he or she is entitled to its lawful possession. Such motion shall be filed in writing and served pursuant to Rule 345.

 B.  Hearing. The court hearing such motion shall receive evidence on any issue of fact necessary for its decision. If the motion is granted, the property shall be restored unless the court determines that such property is contraband, in which case the court may order the property to be forfeited.

 C.  Joint motion. A motion to suppress evidence under Rule 350 may be joined with a motion under this rule.

Comment
   A motion for the return of property should not be confused with a motion for the suppression of evidence, governed by Rule 350. However, if the time and effect of a motion brought under the instant rule would be, in the view of the court hearing the motion, substantially the same as a motion for suppression of evidence, the court may dispose of the motion in accordance with Rule 350.

   Nothing in this rule is intended to prohibit the court from directing a more appropriate court to hear these motions. For example, a judicial district may have a motions court or specially designed court that hears all motions, including juvenile cases.

   Pursuant to Rule 100, only motions for return of property derived from juvenile delinquency cases are appropriate for the juvenile court.

   Official Note

   Rule 353 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 353 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

PART D(2). ADJUDICATORY SUMMONS AND NOTICE PROCEDURES

Rule 360. Summons and Notice.
 A.  Summons. The court shall issue a summons compelling the juvenile and the juvenile’s guardian to appear for the adjudicatory hearing.

 B.  Notice. Notice of the adjudicatory hearing shall be given to:

   1)  the attorney for the Commonwealth;

   2)  the juvenile’s attorney;

   3)  the juvenile probation office; and

   4)  the victim.

 C.  Requirements. The general summons and notice procedures of Rule 124 shall be followed.

Comment
   Section 6335 of the Juvenile Act provides that the court is to direct the issuance of a summons to the juvenile, guardian, and any other persons as appears to the court to be proper and necessary for the proceedings. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335.

   The guardian’s failure to appear should not prevent the adjudicatory hearing from proceeding.

   The attorney for the Commonwealth or its designee is to notify the victim of the date, time, place, and purpose of the adjudicatory hearing. See Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P. S. §  11.201 et seq.

   Any persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the hearing. See Rule 123 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333.

   Official Note

   Rule 360 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended February 26, 2008, effective June 1, 2008. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 360 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 1142 (March 8, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 360 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 360 amended February 26, 2008, effective June 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1142; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (332730).

Rule 362. Requirements of the Summons.
 The summons shall:

   1)  be in writing;

   2)  set forth the date, time, and place of the adjudicatory hearing;

   3)  instruct the juvenile of the juvenile’s right to counsel, retain private counsel or be appointed counsel;

   4)  give a warning stating that the failure to appear for the hearing may result in arrest;

   5)  include a copy of the juvenile petition; and

   6)  include an order directing the juvenile to submit to fingerprinting and photographing by, or arranged by, the law enforcement agency that submitted the written allegation in all cases in which the juvenile has not previously been fingerprinted or photographed.

Comment
   Section 6335(a) of the Juvenile Act requires a copy of the petition to accompany the summons. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335(a).

   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6308 for the taking of fingerprints and photographs.

   Official Note

   Rule 362 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended May 16, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 362 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 362 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2684 (May 28, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 362 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (332731).

Rule 363. Service of Summons and Notice.
 A.  Method of Service. The summons or notice shall be served:

   1)  in-person; or

   2)  by first-class mail.

 B.  Time of Service.

   1)  Juvenile detained. If the juvenile is detained, the summons or notice shall be served no less than seven days prior to the adjudicatory hearing.

   2)  Juvenile not detained. If the juvenile is not detained, the summons or notice shall be served no less than fourteen days prior to the adjudicatory hearing.

Comment
   Pursuant to Rule 360, the juvenile and the juvenile’s guardian should be served a summons, and the attorney for the Commonwealth, the juvenile’s attorney, and the juvenile probation officer should receive notice.

   Official Note

   Rule 363 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 364. Failure to Appear on the Summons.
 If any summoned person fails to appear for the adjudicatory hearing and the judge finds that sufficient notice was given, the judge may issue a bench warrant pursuant to Rule 140.

Comment
   See Rule 140 for issuance of a bench warrant.

   Official Note

   Rule 364 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005; amended February 26, 2008, effective June 1, 2008.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 364 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 1142 (March 8, 2008).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 364 amended February 26, 2008, effective June 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1142. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (310607).

PART E. CONSENT DECREE

Rule 370. Consent Decree.
 A.  Agreement.

   1)  At any time after the filing of a petition and before the entry of an adjudication order, the court may, upon agreement of the attorney for the Commonwealth and the juvenile suspend the proceedings, and continue the juvenile under supervision in the juvenile’s home, under terms and conditions negotiated with the juvenile probation office.

   2)  The order of the court continuing the juvenile under supervision shall be known as a consent decree.

 B.  Explanation of conditions. The court shall explain on the record or in writing:

   1)  the terms, conditions, and duration of the consent decree pursuant to Rule 373; and

   2)  the consequences for violating the conditions of the consent decree, which include the petition under which the juvenile was continued under supervision may, in the discretion of the attorney for the Commonwealth following consultation with the juvenile probation officer, be reinstated, and the juvenile held accountable as if the consent decree had never been entered if:

     a)   prior to discharge by the juvenile probation officer or expiration of the consent decree, there is a filing of a new petition against the juvenile; or

     b)   the juvenile otherwise fails to fulfill express terms and conditions of the decree.

Comment
   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6340.

   A consent decree is a device for placing an allegedly delinquent juvenile under supervision of the juvenile probation office prior to, and as an alternative to, adjudication, thus avoiding potential stigma attached to an adjudication of delinquency. Commonwealth v. Wexler, 431 A.2d 877 (Pa. 1981).

   Before placing the juvenile on consent decree, the victim(s) of the offense should be consulted. See Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P.S. §  11.201 et seq.

   Under this rule, it is expected that the attorney for the Commonwealth should consult with the juvenile probation officer before revoking the consent decree. The consent decree should only be revoked if the juvenile fails to meet the conditions of the program or new allegations have been filed against the juvenile.

   If a juvenile violates the conditions of the consent decree, double jeopardy does not attach and bar subsequent prosecution. See Commonwealth v. Szebin, 785 A.2d 103 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2001). In Commonwealth v. Wexler, 431 A.2d 877 (Pa. 1981), the Supreme Court viewed a consent decree in the same fashion as Accelerated Rehabilitative Disposition. See also In re John W., 446 A.2d 621 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1982).

   Nothing in this rule prohibits the entry of a consent decree after there has been an admission pursuant to Rule 407 or after there has been a ruling on the offenses pursuant to Rule 408. See also Comment to Rule 408.

   Official Note

   Rule 370 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 370 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 370 published with Court’s Order at 44 Pa.B. 5447 (August 16, 2014).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 370 amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 5447. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (357298) and (347609).

Rule 371. Objection to Consent Decree.
 When the juvenile or the attorney for the Commonwealth objects to a consent decree, the court shall proceed to findings, adjudication, and disposition.

Comment
   A consent decree may not be used unless the attorney for the Commonwealth consents and the juvenile agrees to accept the conditions required by the court. If the attorney for the Commonwealth objects to a consent decree or the juvenile refuses to accept the conditions required by the court, the court is to proceed to findings, adjudication, and disposition. In re Bosket, 590 A.2d 774 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1991). See also 42 Pa.C.S. §  6340(b).

   See Rule 401 for the findings that are to be made in the juvenile delinquency process.

   See also Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P.S. §  11.201 et seq.

   Official Note

   Rule 371 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 373. Conditions of Consent Decree.
 A.  Terms and conditions. The court may place upon the juvenile any reasonable conditions that are consistent with the protection of the public interest. The conditions of the consent decree shall provide a balanced attention to:

   1)  the protection of the community;

   2)  the juvenile’s accountability for the offenses committed; and

   3)  the development of the juvenile’s competencies to enable the juvenile to become a responsible and productive member of the community.

 B.  Duration of consent decree. A consent decree shall remain in force for no more than six months as agreed upon unless the juvenile is discharged sooner upon motion. Upon motion, the court may:

   1)  discharge the juvenile at an earlier time; or

   2)  extend the time period not to exceed an additional six months.

Comment
   If the juvenile fails to accept the conditions required by the court pursuant to paragraph (A), the case should proceed to findings, adjudication, and disposition. See Comment to Rule 371.

   Nothing in this rule is intended to prevent the juvenile probation officer from being the movant for consent decree. For rule on motions, see Rule 344.

   Paragraph (B) requires a motion to be filed for early dismissal from consent decree. The procedures of Rule 344 are to be followed to ensure all parties are properly notified of the request and appropriate objections can be made. Rule 800 suspends 42 Pa.C.S. §  6340(c) only to the extent that there is an additional requirement that a motion is to be filed. See Rule 800.

   Official Note

   Rule 373 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005; amended December 30, 2005, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 373 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 187 (January 14, 2006).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 373 amended December 30, 2005, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 186. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (310609).

PART F. PRESERVATION OF TESTIMONY AND EVIDENCE

Rule 380. Preservation of Testimony After Commencement of Proceedings.
 A.  By Court Order.

   1)  At any time after the commencement of proceedings, upon motion of any party, and after notice and hearing, the court may order the taking and preserving of the testimony of any witness who may be unavailable for the adjudicatory hearing or for any other proceeding, or when due to exceptional circumstances, it is in the interests of justice that the witness’ testimony be preserved.

   2)  The court shall state on the record the grounds on which the order is based.

   3)  The court’s order shall specify the time and place for the taking of the testimony, the manner in which the testimony shall be recorded and preserved, and the procedures for custody of the recorded testimony.

   4)  The testimony shall be taken in the presence of the court, the attorney for the Commonwealth, the juvenile, and the juvenile’s attorney, unless otherwise ordered.

   5)  The court shall rule on the admissibility of the preserved testimony if it is offered into evidence at the adjudicatory hearing or other judicial proceeding.

 B.  By Agreement of the Parties.

   1)  At any time after the commencement of proceedings, the testimony of any witness may be taken and preserved upon the express written agreement of the attorney for the Commonwealth, the juvenile, and the juvenile’s attorney.

   2)  The agreement shall specify the time and place for taking the testimony, the manner in which the testimony shall be recorded and preserved, and the procedures for custody of the recorded testimony.

   3)  The testimony shall be taken in the presence of the attorney for the Commonwealth, the juvenile, and the juvenile’s attorney, unless they otherwise agree.

   4)  The agreement shall be filed with the clerk of courts pursuant to Rule 345(A).

   5)  The court shall rule on the admissibility of the preserved testimony if it is offered into evidence at the adjudicatory hearing or other judicial proceeding.

Comment
   This rule is intended to provide the means by which testimony may be preserved for use at a current or subsequent stage in the proceedings, which includes the taking of a deposition during the adjudicatory hearing to be used at a later stage of the adjudicatory hearing.

   When testimony is to be preserved by video recording, see also Rule 381.

   Commencement of proceedings includes any action after the submission of a written allegation. See Rule 200 (Commencement of Proceedings).

   This rule does not address the admissibility of the preserved testimony. The court is to decide all questions of admissibility. See Pa.R.E. 104(a); see also, 42 Pa.C.S. §  5917.

   ‘‘May be unavailable,’’ as used in paragraph (A)(1), is intended to include situations in which the court has reason to believe that the witness will be unable to be present or to testify at the adjudica-tory hearing or other proceedings, such as when the witness is dying, or will be out of the jurisdiction and therefore cannot be effectively served with a subpoena, or is elderly, frail, or demonstrates the symptoms of mental infirmity or dementia, or may become incompetent to testify for any other legally sufficient reason.

   Under paragraph (A)(4), the court should preside over the taking of testimony. The court, however, may order that testimony be taken and preserved without the court’s presence when exigent circumstances exist or the location of the witness renders the court’s presence impracticable. Furthermore, nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the juvenile’s attorney, the juvenile, and the court from agreeing on the record that the court need not be present. Paragraph (B)(3) permits the attorney for the Commonwealth, the juvenile, and the juvenile’s attorney to determine among themselves whether the court should be present during the taking of testimony. That determination should be made a part of the written agreement required by paragraph (B)(1).

   Nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the juvenile from waiving his or her presence during the taking of testimony.

   The means by which the testimony is recorded and preserved are within the discretion of the court under paragraph (A) and the parties under paragraph (B), and may include the use of electronic or photographic techniques such as videotape or digital video diskette. There are, however, additional procedural requirements for preservation of testimony by video recording mandated by Rule 381.

   The party on whose motion testimony is taken should normally have custody of and be responsible for safeguarding the preserved testimony. That party should also promptly provide a copy of the preserved testimony to the other party. Additionally, this rule is not intended to conflict with the requirements of the Pennsylvania Rules of Judicial Administration. For reporting and transcripts by court-employed reporters, see Pa.R.J.A. Nos. 4001—4016.

   When testimony is taken under this rule, the proceeding should afford the parties full opportunity to examine and cross-examine the witness. Counsel should not reserve objections for time of the adjudicatory hearing.

   Paragraphs (A)(5) and (B)(5) are intended to guard against pre-adjudicatory hearing disclosure of potentially prejudicial matters.

   For the definition of ‘‘court,’’ see Rule 120.

   Official Note

   Rule 380 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended November 16, 2016, effective January 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Chapter three, Part F published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendment to Rule 380 published with the Court’s Order at 46 Pa.B. 7526 (December 3, 3016).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 380 amended November 16, 2016, effective January 1, 2017, 46 Pa.B. 7526. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (326031) to (326032) and (310611).

Rule 381. Preservation of Testimony by Video Recording.
 A.  When the testimony of a witness is taken and preserved pursuant to Rule 380 by means of video recording, the testimony shall be recorded simultaneously by a stenographer.

 B.  The following technical requirements shall be made part of the court order required by Rule 380(A) or the written agreement provided in Rule 380(B):

   1)  The video recording shall begin with a statement on camera that includes:

     a)   the operator’s name and business address;

     b)   the name and address of the operator’s employer;

     c)   the date, time, and place of the video recording;

     d)   the caption of the case;

     e)   the name of the witness;

     f)   the party on whose behalf the witness is testifying; and

     g)   the nature of the judicial proceedings for which the testimony is intended.

   2)  The court and the persons shall identify themselves on camera.

   3)  The witness shall be sworn on camera.

   4)  If the length of the testimony requires the use of more than one video recording, the end of each video recording and the beginning of each succeeding video recording shall be announced on camera.

   5)  At the conclusion of the witness’ testimony, a statement shall be made on camera that the testimony is concluded. A statement shall also be made concerning the custody of the video recording(s).

   6)  Statements concerning stipulations, exhibits, or other pertinent matters may be made at any time on camera.

   7)  The video recording shall be timed by a digital clock on camera that continually shows the hour, minute, and second of the testimony.

   8)  All objections and the reasons for them shall be made on the record. When the court presides over the video recording of testimony, the court’s rulings on objections shall also be made on the record.

   9)  When the court does not preside over the video recording of testimony, the video recording operator shall keep a log of each objection, referenced to the time each objection is made. All rulings on objections shall be made before the video recording is shown at any judicial proceeding.

   10)  The original video recording shall not be altered.

Comment
   This rule provides the basic technical requirements for taking and preserving testimony by video recording under Rule 380. The list of requirements is not intended to be exhaustive. Rather, it is recommended that all recording by video be carefully planned and executed, and that in addition to complying with the basic requirements, each court order or written agreement for the video recording of testimony be tailored to the nature of the case and the needs of the persons.

   Generally, the camera should focus on the witness to the extent practicable.

   Under paragraph (B)(9), the court may rule on objections by either reviewing pertinent sections of the video recording, aided by the video operator’s log, or by reviewing the stenographic transcript required by paragraph (A).

   Any editing procedure ordered by the court or agreed upon by the persons may be used as long as it comports with current technology and does not alter the original video recording. Paragraph (B)(10) is intended to insure preservation of the original video, thereby providing for those situations in which a dispute arises over editing procedures.

   This rule authorizes the use of video recording devices only for the preservation of testimony under Rule 380. It is not intended to affect other rules governing recording devices.

   Official Note

   Rule 381 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Chapter three, Part F published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 384. DNA Testing (Reserved).

PART G. TRANSFER FOR CRIMINAL PROSECUTION

Rule 390. Notice of Request for Transfer to Criminal Proceedings.
 A.  General rule. After a petition is filed but before the first scheduled adjudicatory hearing, any notice of a request for transfer to criminal proceedings pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6355 shall be filed and served on:

   1)  the juvenile;

   2)  the juvenile’s guardian;

   3)  the juvenile’s attorney;

   4)  the juvenile probation office; and

   5)  the attorney for the Commonwealth.

 B.  Exception. If, after the first scheduled adjudicatory hearing but prior to the commencement of the adjudicatory hearing, there is a change in circumstances, a request for transfer to criminal proceedings may be filed and served in accordance with paragraph (A).

Comment
   The Juvenile Act gives the juvenile the opportunity to petition the court for transfer to criminal proceeding as reflected in this rule. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6355(c). The court should use caution when a juvenile petitions the court for transfer to criminal proceedings. The court should inquire if the petition has been knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily made.

   The allegations requested to be transferred are to be classified as ‘‘delinquent acts’’, pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302 (definition of ‘‘delinquent acts’’) and are to comply with the requirements as set forth in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6355 (Transfer to Criminal Proceedings). Any offense excluded from the definition of ‘‘delinquent acts,’’ paragraph (2) of the definition of ‘‘delinquent act’’ in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302, should originate in criminal proceedings and may be transferred to delinquency proceedings, if so determined by the court. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6322 (Transfer from Criminal Proceedings). For juveniles charged in criminal proceedings, the Rules of Criminal Procedure are applicable. See also Rule 100 on Scope of Rules. Also, any juvenile previously found guilty in criminal proceedings, for any charge other than a summary offense, should be charged in criminal proceedings for all subsequent offenses. See paragraph (2)(v) of the definition of ‘‘delinquent act’’ in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6355(d).

   The court should conduct a transfer hearing no sooner than three days after the notice of request for transfer to criminal proceedings is served unless the time requirement is waived. See Rule 394(A).

   Under paragraph (A), it is anticipated that most notices of requests for transfer will be filed prior to the first scheduled adjudicatory hearing. However, under paragraph (B), it is noted that there may be changed circumstances, in which a notice for request of transfer may be filed at a later date but before the commencement of the adjudicatory hearing.

   The attorney for the Commonwealth should notify the victim of any request for transfer. See Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P.S. §  11.213.

   Official Note

   Rule 390 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 390 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 391. Time Restrictions for Detention of Juveniles Scheduled for Transfer Hearing.
 A.  Generally. The detention requirements of Rules 240, 241, 242, and 243 shall be followed for juveniles scheduled for a transfer hearing.

 B.  Time Restrictions. If the transfer hearing is not held within 10 days of the filing of the notice of request for transfer to criminal proceedings, the juvenile shall be released unless the exceptions of Rule 240(D) apply.

Comment
   The filing of a request for transfer to criminal proceedings resets the 10-day clock for a hearing for the juvenile in detention. The transfer hearing is to be held within 10 days of the filing of a request for transfer to criminal proceedings, not 10 days from the date of detention for the juvenile. This time requirement is different than the time requirement for the adjudicatory hearing under Rule 240(D). See Rule 800.

   Official Note

   Rule 391 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended November 30, 2021, effective April 1, 2022.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 391 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 391 published with the Courts’ Order at 51 Pa.B. 7629 (December 11, 2021).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 391 amended November 30, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7629. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (384791) to (384792).

Rule 394. Transfer Hearing.
 A.  Scheduling. The court shall conduct a transfer hearing no earlier than three days after the notice of request for transfer to criminal proceedings is served unless this time requirement is waived.

 B.  Advanced communication technology.

   1)  Juvenile. A court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 129 for the appearance of the juvenile only if the parties consent.

   2)  Witness. A court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 129 for the appearance of a witness unless good cause is shown otherwise.

 C.  Burden of proof. Unless the provisions of 42 Pa.C.S. §  6355(g)(1) and (2) apply, the attorney for the Commonwealth shall have the burden of establishing:

   1)  a prima facie case that the juvenile committed a felony delinquent act; and

   2)  by a preponderance of the evidence that the public interest is served by transfer of the case to criminal proceedings.

 D.  Findings.

   1)  Transfer. At the hearing, the court shall transfer the case to the division or a judge assigned to conduct criminal proceedings if the court finds:

     a)   the juvenile is fourteen years old or older at the time of the alleged delinquent act;

     b)   notice has been given pursuant to Rule 390;

     c)   the Commonwealth has met its burden of proof pursuant to paragraph (C); and

     d)   there are reasonable grounds to believe that the juvenile is not committable to an institution for the mentally retarded or mentally ill.

   2)  No Transfer. If the required findings of paragraph (D)(1) have not been met, the court shall schedule an adjudicatory hearing pursuant to Rule 404.

Comment
   The transfer hearing ordinarily has two phases. The first phase of the transfer hearing is the ‘‘prima facie phase.’’ The court is to determine whether the Commonwealth has established a prima facie showing of evidence that the juvenile committed a delinquent act and if an adult committed the offense, it would be considered a felony. If a prima facie showing of evidence is found, the court proceeds to the second phase, known as the ‘‘public interest phase.’’ During the ‘‘public interest phase,’’ the court is to determine what is in the public’s interest.

   In determining public interest, the court is to consider the following factors: 1) the impact of the offense on the victim or victims; 2) the impact of the offense on the community; 3) the threat posed by the juvenile to the safety of the public or any individual; 4) the nature and circumstances of the offense allegedly committed by the juvenile; 5) the degree of the juvenile’s culpability; 6) the adequacy and duration of dispositional alternatives available under the Juvenile Act and in the adult criminal justice system; and 7) whether the juvenile is amenable to treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation as a juvenile by considering the following factors: a) age; b) mental capacity; c) maturity; d) the degree of criminal sophistication exhibited by the juvenile; e) previous records, if any; f) the nature and extent of any prior delinquent history, including the success or failure of any previous attempt by the juvenile court to rehabilitate the juvenile; g) whether the juvenile can be rehabilitated prior to the expiration of the juvenile court jurisdiction; h) probation or institutional reports, if any; and 8) any other relevant factors.

   The burden of establishing by a preponderance of evidence that the public interest is served by the transfer of the case to criminal court rests with the Commonwealth unless: 1) a deadly weapon as defined in 18 Pa.C.S. §  2301 (relating to definitions) was used and the juvenile was fourteen years of age at the time of the offense; or the juvenile was fifteen years of age or older at the time of the offense and was previously adjudicated delinquent of a crime that would be considered a felony if committed by an adult; and 2) there is a prima facie case that the juvenile committed a delinquent act that, if committed by an adult, would be classified as rape, involuntary deviate sexual intercourse, aggravated assault as defined in 18 Pa.C.S. §  2702(a)(1) or (2) (relating to aggravated assault), robbery as defined in 18 Pa.C.S. §  3701(a)(1)(i), (ii) or (iii)(relating to robbery), robbery of motor vehicle, aggravated indecent assault, kidnapping, voluntary manslaughter, an attempt, conspiracy, or solicitation to commit any of these crimes or an attempt to commit murder as specified in paragraph (2)(ii) of the definition of ‘‘delinquent act’’ in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302. If the preceding criteria are met, then the burden of proof rests with the juvenile. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6355 and Rule 800 for suspension of a portion of §  6355(g).

   For detention time requirements for juveniles scheduled for a transfer hearing, see Rule 391.

   Official Note

   Rule 394 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended July 18, 2012, effective October 1, 2012. Amended November 21, 2014, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 394 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 394 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2319 (May 7, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 394 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 4909 (August 4, 2012).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 394 amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended July 18, 2012, effective October 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 4909; amended November 21, 2014, effective immediately, 44 Pa.B. 7641. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (363281) to (363282).

Rule 395. Procedure to Initiate Criminal Information.
 After the court orders the case transferred pursuant to Rule 394, these Rules no longer apply and the case shall be governed by the Pennsylvania Rules of Criminal Procedure. The attorney for the Commonwealth may file an information in accordance with Pa.R.Crim.P. 565.

Comment
   The transfer hearing serves as the preliminary hearing, therefore, the attorney for the Commonwealth may file the criminal information after the issuance of the transfer order. See Pa.R.Crim.P. 565 for presentation of an information without the preliminary hearing.

   For any procedural questions concerning a juvenile whom has been transferred to criminal proceedings, see the Pennsylvania Rules of Criminal Procedure.

   Official Note

   Rule 395 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 395 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 396. Bail.
 If transfer to criminal proceedings is ordered at the conclusion of the transfer hearing, the juvenile court judge shall determine bail for the juvenile. The bail rules in the Pennsylvania Rules of Criminal Procedure shall apply.

Comment
   See Pa.R.Crim.P. 520 through 536.

   If the juvenile cannot post bail, the judge may issue a commitment order so the juvenile may be detained in a jail or the judge may continue the juvenile’s detention as a juvenile pending trial. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6327(d).

   Official Note

   Rule 396 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 396 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter4/chap4toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 4. ADJUDICATORY HEARING
Rule


401.    Introduction to Chapter Four.
404.    Prompt Adjudicatory Hearing.
405.    Forensic Laboratory Report and Certification.
406.    Adjudicatory Hearing.
407.    Admissions.
408.    Ruling on Offenses.
409.    Adjudication of Delinquency.
415.    Challenge to the Weight of the Evidence.
Rule 401. Introduction to Chapter Four.
 Under these rules and the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., a determination for each case requires separate and distinct findings. First, the court is to hold an adjudicatory hearing, governed by Rule 406 or receive an admission from the juvenile of the allegations, governed by Rule 407. Second, after hearing the evidence or receiving an admission, the court is to rule on the offenses pursuant to Rule 408, stating with particularity the grading and counts of each offense. Third, after ruling on the offenses or entering its findings, the court is to determine if the juvenile is in need of treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation pursuant to Rule 409. After the court has made these findings and if the court finds that the juvenile is in need of treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation, the court is to hold a dispositional hearing as provided for in Rule 512 and is to enter a dispositional order pursuant to Rule 515. Nothing in these rules precludes the court from making these determinations at the same proceeding as long as the requirements of Rules 406 through 409 are followed.

   Official Note

   Rule 401 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

Rule 404. Prompt Adjudicatory Hearing.
 A.  Detained Juvenile. If the juvenile is detained, an adjudicatory hearing shall be held within 10 days of the filing of the petition. If the adjudicatory hearing is not held within 10 days, the juvenile shall be released unless the exceptions of Rule 240(D) apply.

 B.  Non-detained Juvenile. If the juvenile is not detained, the adjudicatory hearing shall be held within a reasonable time.

Comment
   The ‘‘filing of a petition’’ in paragraph (A) includes petitions filed pursuant to Rule 337 if the juvenile is detained following transfer from criminal proceedings.

   Official Note

   Rule 404 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended July 31, 2012, effective November 1, 2012. Amended November 30, 2021, effective April 1, 2022.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 404 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 404 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 5350 (August 18, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 404 published with the Courts’ Order at 51 Pa.B. 7629 (December 11, 2021).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 404 amended July 31, 2012, effective November 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 5350; amended November 30, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7629. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (393103) to (393104).

Rule 405. Forensic Laboratory Report and Certification.
 (a)  Report and Certification In Lieu of Expert Testimony.

   (1)  If the requirements of this rule have been met, the attorney for the Commonwealth may seek to offer a forensic laboratory report into evidence in lieu of testimony in any adjudicatory hearing of a non-detained juvenile.

   (2)  The report shall be supported by a certification, as provided in subdivision (e), from the expert who drafted the report and performed the analysis or examination.

 (b)  Notice.

   (1)  The attorney for the Commonwealth shall file the written notice and serve the written notice, together with the report and certification, upon the juvenile’s attorney.

   (2)  The notice shall include a statement informing the juvenile that:

     (i)   if no written demand for testimony is made within 10 days of the service of the notice, the forensic laboratory report and certification are admissible in evidence, as provided in subdivision (c)(3); and

     (ii)   the expert who drafted the report does not have to testify.

   (3)  Service shall occur no later than 20 days prior to the adjudicatory hearing.

   (4)  Once entered into evidence, the report and certification shall qualify as if the expert had testified personally.

 (c)  Demand.

   (1)  Within 10 days of service of the notice, the juvenile’s attorney may file and serve a written demand upon the attorney for the Commonwealth requiring the expert to testify at the adjudicatory hearing.

   (2)  If a written demand is filed and served, the expert must testify.

   (3)  If no demand is filed and served as required by subdivision (c)(1), the report and certification are admissible in evidence without the expert’s testimony.

 (d)  Extension. For cause shown, the judge may:

   (1)  extend the time requirements of this rule; or

   (2)  grant a continuance of the adjudicatory hearing.

 (e)  Certification. The expert shall complete a certification providing:

   (1)  the education, training, and experience that qualify the expert to perform the analysis or examination;

   (2)  the entity by which the expert is employed and a description of the expert’s regular duties;

   (3)  the name and location of the laboratory where the analysis or examination was performed;

   (4)  any state, national, or international accreditations of the laboratory at which the analysis or examination was performed;

   (5)  that the analysis or examination was performed under industry-approved procedures or standards; and

   (6)  the report accurately reflects the findings and opinions of the expert.

Comment:
   This rule is intended to establish a uniform procedure for delinquency proceedings, similar to Pa.R.Crim.P. 574, for the admission of laboratory reports without the expense of live expert testimony while protecting a juvenile’s confrontation rights. The rule provides a ‘‘notice and demand’’ procedure for delinquency proceedings. Under this rule, the attorney for the Commonwealth may seek to admit a forensic laboratory report as evidence without expert testimony if the notice requirements are met and no demand for the presence of the expert is made. If the juvenile makes such a demand, the expert is required to testify before the report can be admitted into evidence.

   Given the prompt adjudicatory hearing requirement of the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335(a) (if the juvenile is detained, then the adjudicatory hearing must be held within 10 days of the filing of a petition), this rule is only available for adjudicatory hearings of non-detained juveniles. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 404(B) (if the juvenile is not detained, then the adjudicatory hearing must be held within a reasonable time).

   Nothing in this rule is intended to: 1) preclude a stipulation agreed to by the parties for the admission of the report without the expert’s presence; 2) prevent further stipulation by the parties in light of the admission of the report and certification; or 3) change the discovery requirements pursuant to Rule 340.

   Pursuant to subdivision (d), the court may permit filing of the notice or demand after the time period required in the rule if the party seeking the late filing shows cause for the delay. In the situation where the judge permits the late filing of the notice, the juvenile still has ten days to make the demand for the live testimony of the expert. This may necessitate a continuance of the adjudicatory hearing.

   The certification in subdivision (e) does not require a description of the actual tests performed for the analysis. This information more properly belongs in the report itself. Because one of the goals of this rule is to permit the juvenile to make an informed decision regarding whether to demand the live testimony of the expert, the report should provide information sufficient to describe the methodology by which the results were determined.

   For purposes of this rule, a laboratory is ‘‘accredited’’ when its management, personnel, quality system, operational and technical procedures, equipment, and physical facilities meet the ISO/IEC 17025 standard in the forensic field of testing as determined by an International Laboratory Accreditation Cooperation recognized accreditation organization that has been evaluated to meet the ISO/IEC 17011 standard and that has expertise in the forensic laboratory accreditation field.

   See Rule 345 for filing and service requirements.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 405 added September 11, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 5887.

Rule 406. Adjudicatory Hearing.
 A.  Manner of hearing.

   1)  The court shall conduct the adjudicatory hearing without a jury, in an informal but orderly manner.

   2)  The attorney for the Commonwealth shall:

     a)   attend the hearing; and

     b)   have the burden of establishing beyond a reasonable doubt that the juvenile committed the delinquent act(s).

 B.  Recording. The adjudicatory hearing shall be recorded.

 C.  Advanced communication technology. A court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 129 for the appearance of the juvenile or witness only if the parties consent.

Comment
   Under paragraph (A), the juvenile does not have the right to trial by jury. McKeiver v. Pennsylvania, 403 U. S. 528 (1971).

   Any persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the hearing. See Rule 123 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333.

   Official Note

   Rule 406 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended July 18, 2012, effective October 1, 2012.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 406 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 406 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2319 (May 7, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 406 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 406 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 406 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 4909 (August 4, 2012).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 406 amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180; amended July 18, 2012, effective October 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 4909. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (360295) to (360296).

Rule 407. Admissions.
 A.  Admissions. At any time after a petition is filed, the juvenile may tender an admission to some or all of the delinquent acts charged.

   1)  Requirements.

     a)   Before the court can accept an admission, the court shall determine that the admission is knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily made.

     b)   As a part of this determination, the court shall ensure:

       i)   an attorney has reviewed and completed the admission colloquy with the juvenile pursuant to paragraph (C); and

       ii)   there is a factual basis for the admission.

     c)   At the hearing, the court shall conduct an independent inquiry with the juvenile to determine:

       i)   whether the juvenile understands the nature of the allegations to which he or she is admitting and understands what it means to admit;

       ii)   whether the juvenile understands that he or she has the right to a hearing before the judge and understands what occurs at a hearing;

       iii)   whether the juvenile is aware of the dispositions that could be imposed and the consequences of an adjudication of delinquency that can result from an admission;

       iv)   whether the juvenile has any questions about the admission; and

       v)   whether there are any other concerns apparent to the court after such inquiry that should be answered.

   2)  Agreements. If the parties agree upon the terms of an admission, the tender shall be presented to the court.

   3)  Court Action. If the court accepts the tender, the court shall enter an order incorporating any agreement. If the court does not accept the tender, the case shall proceed as if no tender had been made.

   4)  Limitations on Withdrawals. An admission may be withdrawn prior to the court entering the dispositional order. After the court has entered the dispositional order, an admission can be withdrawn only upon a demonstration of manifest injustice.

 B.  Incriminating Statements. An incriminating statement made by a juvenile in the discussions or conferences incident to an admission that is not ultimately accepted by the court or otherwise permitted to be withdrawn by the court shall not be used against the juvenile over objection in any criminal proceeding or hearing under the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq.

 C.  Written Admission Colloquy. If a juvenile is making an admission, the colloquy shall be:

   (1)  in writing;

   (2)  reviewed and completed with the juvenile by an attorney;

   (3)  submitted to and reviewed by the court; and

   (4)  substantially in the following form:


ADMISSION COLLOQUY FORM


In re	:	
JD
  (Juvenile)	:	
:	Delinquent Act(s):
:	
:	
:	
 Answer all of the questions on this form. If you do not understand any question, leave it blank and ask your lawyer or the judge.

 I admit that I did the following things (attorney shall list the delinquent acts, grading of acts, and counts):

 

 

 

 General Information:

   1)  What is your full name?

   2)  Do you have any other name or nickname?


If yes, state:
   3)  How old are you today?

   4)  What grade are you in?

   5)  Can you read, write, and understand English?

(if yes, go to #6)
     a)   If you cannot read, has someone read this form to you?

 If so, who?

(print name)
 


(signature of reader verifies that the form has been read to the juvenile)
     b)   If you do not read English, have you been given a translator or a lawyer who speaks your language?

     c)   Did your translator or lawyer read this form to you and explain it?

 If so, who?

(print name)
 


(signature of reader verifies that the form has been read to the juvenile)
 Knowing and Voluntary Admission:

   6)  Are you now a patient in a mental hospital?

     a)   If yes, where?

     b)   Are you being treated for a mental illness?

     c)   If yes, what are you being treated for?

   7)  Have you taken any drugs or alcohol yesterday or today that do not make you think clearly?


If yes, specify type of drugs and/or alcohol:
   8)  Has anyone threatened or forced you to sign this form?


If yes, explain:
   9)  Have you been promised anything for this admission?


If yes, explain:
 Understanding the Admission:

   10)  Has your lawyer told you what you did was against the law?

   11)  By admitting what you did, do you understand that you are giving up:

     a)   the right to be presumed innocent, which means the judge does not think you broke the law until the D.A. (District Attorney) proves beyond a reasonable doubt that you broke the law (a reasonable doubt is a belief that it is very possible you did not break the law);

     b)   the right to a hearing by a fair judge;

     c)   the right to remain silent and your silence cannot be held against you;

     d)   the right to tell the judge your side of the story;

     e)   the right to ask witnesses questions;

     f)   the right to present witnesses or evidence to help tell your side of the story, but you do not have to do anything;

     g)   the right to tell the judge you disagree with something;

     h)   the right to ask the judge to decide if he or she should hear certain things; and

     i)   the right to have a higher court review this judge’s decision.

   12)  Do you understand if the judge accepts your admission and believes you need help (finds you delinquent), the judge may make you get help?

 Possible Consequences of Adjudication of Delinquency:

   13)  Do you understand that if you are found delinquent, the judge may make you pay money and place you outside of your home or on probation until you turn 21 years old?

   14)  Are you aware that if you are admitting to


that your driving license will be suspended now or in the future (which means you will not be able to drive)?
(lawyer shall write acts on this line, cross off, or write n/a).
   15)  Do you understand that this case can be used against you in the future? For example, if you break the law again, you may get a longer sentence in jail.

   16)  Do you understand that if you are found delinquent, other people may find out about it? You may also have to tell people, including colleges, military recruiters, or employers?

   17)  Do you understand that if you are not a U.S. citizen, it may cause problems, which could include being forced to leave the U.S.?

   18)  Do you understand that if you are admitting to sexual assault that you cannot attend the same school as the victim? You will either be expelled or transferred to another school or an alternative education program.

 Admission Agreements:

   19)  Are you aware that the judge does not have to accept any agreement between you and the District Attorney?

(write n/a if no agreement)
   20)  If you change your mind about admitting to the charges before the judge decides your disposition or consequences, then you can ask the judge to let you take back your admission.

 Appeals:

   21)  If you are found delinquent after this admission, you can have a higher court review your case for only three reasons:

     a)   whether your admission was voluntary (you made your own decision to admit to a charge. No one forced you to do this. You understood what you were doing, including the consequences.);

     b)   whether the court was the correct court to hear your case (the court had the authority over your case); or

     c)   whether the court abused its responsibility or made any mistakes in the things that were ordered as your consequences.

 If you do not admit, do you understand you have other rights?

 Lawyer’s Representation and Opportunity to Speak with Guardian

   22)  Are you okay with what your lawyer did for you and how he or she explained everything?

   23)  Did you talk with your parent or guardian about admitting to the charge(s)?

   I promise that I have read the whole form or someone has read the form to me. I understand it. I am telling the truth. I am saying that I have done the things on page 1. I believe that this admission is best for me. The signature below and initials on each page of this form are mine.

   


JUVENILE
   


DATE
 I,

, lawyer for the juvenile, have reviewed this form with my client. My client has told me and I believe that he or she understands this form.
   


LAWYER FOR JUVENILE
   


DATE
 D. Admission to an Act of Sexual Violence. If a juvenile is making an admission to an act of sexual violence, see 42 Pa.C.S. §  6358, which may render the juvenile eligible for civil commitment for involuntary treatment upon attaining 20 years of age and subject to SORNA requirements, then the admission colloquy form set forth in paragraph (C) shall be amended to include substantially the following form:

ADDENDUM TO ADMISSION COLLOQUY FORM


In re	:	
JD
  (Juvenile)	:	
:	Delinquent Act(s):
:	
:	
:	

ELIGIBILITY FOR CIVIL COMMITMENT FOR INVOLUNTARY TREATMENT
   Civil Commitment Cases

 I did at least one of the crimes (in the box below); AND

 If the judge says that I am a delinquent; AND

 If I am in placement when I turn age 20,

 I can go to a different placement against my will.

 See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6401 et seq.

 Check all that are true:


  Rape, 18 Pa.C.S. §  3121	  Sexual Assault,
18 Pa.C.S. §  3124.1
  Involuntary Deviate
Sexual Intercourse,
18 Pa.C.S. §  3123	  Indecent Assault,
18 Pa.C.S. §  3126
  Aggravated Indecent Assault,
18 Pa.C.S. §  3125	  Incest, 18 Pa.C.S. §  4302
   1)  If I am in placement when I am age 20, SOAB (State Sexual Offenders Assessment Board) will look at information about me to see if I have mental problems that make it hard for me to stop doing sexual crimes.

initials
     See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6358.

   2)  If SOAB thinks that I need treatment, the judge will have a hearing.

initials
     See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6358.

   3)  If the judge agrees I need treatment, I will have a second hearing.

initials
     See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6358.

   4)  At the hearing, the judge will decide if I have mental problems that make it likely that I will do sexual crimes again. If the judge says yes:

     a)   I will go to a different placement for at least one year.

initials
       See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6403 & 6404.

     b)   I will be required to register as a sex offender under the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act.

initials
       See 42 Pa.C.S. §  9799.13(9)

     c)   If and when I am released from this different placement, I must register with the state police and report to them every 90 days for at least 25 years. It is a crime not to register and report to the state police. Information about me and my crime will also be available for everyone to see on the internet.

initials
       See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  9799.15(a)(5), (a.2) & 9799.15(b)(1)(iii); 18 Pa.C.S. §  4951.1.

       d)   If I am released from this different placement and continue to register and report to the state police and I do not commit any more serious crimes for at least 25 years, I can ask the judge whether I can stop registering and reporting to the state police.

initials
       See 42 Pa.C.S. §  9799.15(a.2).

   5)  The judge will look at my case each year. I will stay in that placement for as long as the judge decides that I have mental problems that make it likely that I will do sexual crimes again.

initials
     See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6404.

   6)  If the judge says I can leave placement, I must continue to get treatment when told for my mental problems. The judge will look at my case after one year.

initials
     See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6404.1 & 6404.2.

   7)  If the judge says I can stop getting treatment after one year, I still must talk to a counselor every month.

initials
     See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6404.1 & 6404.2.

   8)  If I do not obey these rules or the counselor says I cannot stop my bad actions, I will be sent back to placement.

initials
     See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6404.2.

 Lawyer’s Representation and Opportunity to Speak with Guardian

   9)  Did you talk with your lawyer before you decided to tell the judge you did the crimes (delinquent acts)?  Yes  No

   10)  Are you okay with what your lawyer did for you?  Yes  No

   11)  Did your lawyer answer all your questions?  Yes  No

   12)  Did you talk with your parent or guardian about saying you did the crimes?  Yes  No

 If you answered no, would you like to talk with them now?  Yes  No

 I have read this form or someone has read this form to me.

 I understand the form and what I have to do. The signature below and initials on each page of this form are mine.

   


JUVENILE
   


DATE
 I,

, lawyer for the juvenile, have reviewed this form with my client. My client has informed me and I believe that he or she understands the rights, consequences, and dispositions outlined in this form. I have completed the foregoing sections with my client. I have explained them. I have no issues with my client admitting to the delinquent acts.
   


LAWYER FOR JUVENILE
   


DATE
Comment
   Under paragraph (A)(1), the court is to determine if the admission is knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily made by asking questions to ascertain the juvenile’s ability to comprehend the written colloquy and to make an admission.

   The written colloquy serves as an aid for the court in making its determination that the admission is knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily made and it does not supplant the court’s responsibility to conduct a sufficient inquiry to support its determination pursuant to paragraph (A)(1).

   Nothing in this rule prohibits the judge from reviewing the entire written colloquy with the juvenile on the record or asking more questions than required under paragraph (A)(1)(c).

   The admission colloquy is similar to a guilty plea colloquy in criminal court; however, the juvenile court judge has special responsibilities under the Juvenile Act in providing a balanced attention to the protection of the community, the imposition of accountability for delinquent acts committed, and the development of competencies to enable juveniles to become responsible and productive members of the community. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301.

   If the court finds an admission is not knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily made, the case is to proceed to a hearing pursuant to Rule 406. The decision whether an admission is knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily made is not appealable to another common pleas judge; therefore, the admission may not be presented to another judge once this determination has been made.

   Under paragraph (A)(3), if the disposition agreed upon by the parties is unavailable or the court does not agree with the terms of the tender, the case is to proceed as if no tender had been made.

   The court is not to accept a plea of nolo contendere. See In re B.P.Y., 712 A.2d 769 (Pa. Super. 1998).

   If the court does not accept an agreement or finds an admission not to be knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily made, a motion for recusal of the judge may be appropriate for the adjudicatory hearing.

   Pursuant to paragraph (C), an attorney is to review the written admission colloquy with the juvenile prior to entering the courtroom. The practice in some judicial districts permitting the juvenile probation officer to review this colloquy with the juvenile is inconsistent with this rule.

   As used in Question 18 of the admission colloquy in paragraph (C)(4), ‘‘sexual assault’’ includes rape, 18 Pa.C.S. §  3121, statutory sexual assault, 18 Pa.C.S. §  3122.1, involuntary deviate sexual intercourse, 18 Pa.C.S. §  3123, sexual assault, 18 Pa.C.S. §  3124.1, aggravated sexual assault, 18 Pa.C.S. §  3125, and indecent assault, 18 Pa.C.S. §  3126. See 24 P.S. §  13-1318.1(j) (defining ‘‘sexual assault’’).

   Pursuant to paragraph (D), the written admission colloquy in paragraph (C) is to be amended when the juvenile is admitting to an act that would render the juvenile eligible for court-ordered involuntary treatment upon attaining 20 years of age and SORNA registration and reporting requirements. See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6358, 6403, 9799.13(9), and 9799.15(a)(5). The court is to conduct a colloquy as to the potential consequences of an admission of this type using the form in paragraph (D).

   The colloquy forms use several age-appropriate terms for the juvenile to understand; however, certain legal terms are contained in the form. It is expected that attorneys will explain these forms until their clients understand.

   The forms used for admissions are to be substantially in the forms found at paragraphs (C)(4) and (D). The questions set forth are the minimal standard. A judicial district may choose to add requirements to these admission colloquies. Any addition to the required colloquies is considered a local rule and the procedures of Rule 121 and Rule of Judicial Administration 103(d) are to be followed if a judicial district chooses to make additions. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 121; Pa.R.J.A. No. 103(d).

   The admission colloquies can be downloaded from the Supreme Court’s webpage at http://www.pacourts.us/forms/juvenile-delinquency-forms. The forms are also available in Spanish.

   The Pennsylvania Juvenile Collateral Consequences checklist is also available on the Supreme Court’s webpage.

   Nothing in this rule precludes the court from entering a consent decree after the acceptance of an admission.

   Official Note

   Rule 407 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended January 18, 2012, effective April 1, 2012. Amended January 23, 2017, effective April 3, 2017. Amended May 26, 2021, effective October 1, 2021. Amended November 30, 2021, effective April 1, 2022.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 407 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 407 published with the Courts’ Order at 42 Pa.B. 664 (February 4, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 407 published with the Courts’ Order at 47 Pa.B. 820 (February 11, 2017).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 407 published with the Courts’ Order at 51 Pa.B. 3090 (June 5, 2021).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 407 published with the Courts’ Order at 51 Pa.B. 7627 (December 11, 2021).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 407 amended January 18, 2012, effective April 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 664; amended January 23, 2017, effective April 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 820; amended May 26, 2021, effective October 1, 2021, 51 Pa.B. 3090; amended November 30, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7627. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (405387) to (405394).

Rule 408. Ruling on Offenses.
 A.  Entered finding. Within seven days of hearing the evidence on the petition or accepting an admission under Rule 407, the court shall enter a finding by specifying which, if any, offenses, including grading and counts, alleged in the petition were committed by the juvenile.

 B.  Did not commit acts.

   1)  If the court finds the juvenile committed none of the alleged delinquent acts, the court shall dismiss the petition and release the juvenile, if detained, unless there are other grounds for the juvenile’s detention.

   2)  The court shall order, sua sponte, the expungement of the record and destruction of fingerprints and photographs related to the dismissed petition pursuant to 18 Pa.C.S. §  9123(a)(1), 42 Pa.C.S. §  6308, and Rule 170(A).

   3)  Absent cause shown, the court shall expunge or destroy the records, fingerprints, and photographs.

 C.  Committed act. After an adjudicatory hearing, if the court finds that the juvenile committed any delinquent act, the court shall proceed as provided in Rule 409 or enter a consent decree pursuant to Rule 370.

Comment
   Under paragraph (A), for any offense the court finds that the juvenile committed, the court is to specify the grading and count(s). See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6341(b). It is noted that some offenses have no specific grading, i.e., ungraded felony or misdemeanor of the Controlled Substance, Drug, Device and Cosmetic Act, 35 P.S. §  780-101 et seq., or the ungraded delinquent act of failure to comply with a sentence for a summary offense, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302 (definition of ‘‘delinquent act’’).

   Pursuant to paragraph (B), if the court finds that the juvenile committed none of the alleged delinquent acts, the court, sua sponte, is to expunge or destroy the records, fingerprints, and photographs pursuant to Rule 170(A) and 18 Pa.C.S. §  9123(a)(1). Absent cause shown, the court is to expunge the records pursuant to Rule 172.

   If the court does find that the juvenile committed at least one of the offenses petitioned, there is no expungement or destruction of records, fingerprints, or photographs.

   In its order, the court is to specify the case reference number or other identifying number so the order only applies to the specified case. See Comment to Rule 170 for further definition of a reference number.

   Paragraph (C) requires that there is to be an adjudicatory hearing before proceeding pursuant to Rule 409. This rule is not meant to preclude the entry of a consent decree after a finding on an offense pursuant to paragraph (C). If a consent decree is ordered, the court does not proceed under Rule 409.

   If the court finds that the juvenile committed none of the alleged delinquent acts and dismisses the petition, the victim, if not present, shall be notified of the final outcome of the proceeding. See Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P.S. §  11.201 et seq.

   Official Note

   Rule 408 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 408 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 408 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 408 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 408 published with Court’s Order at 44 Pa.B. 5447 (August 16, 2014).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 408 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180; amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 5447. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (360301) to (360302).

Rule 409. Adjudication of Delinquency.
 A.  Adjudicating the Juvenile Delinquent. Once the court has ruled on the offenses as provided in Rule 408, the court shall conduct a hearing to determine if the juvenile is in need of treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation.

   1)  Not in Need. If the court determines that the juvenile is not in need of treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation, the court shall enter an order providing that:

     a)   the petition shall be dismissed and the juvenile shall be released, if detained, unless there are other reasons for the juvenile’s detention; and

     b)   any records, fingerprints, and photographs taken shall be expunged or destroyed.

   2)  In Need.

     a)   If the court determines that the juvenile is in need of treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation, the court shall enter an order adjudicating the juvenile delinquent and proceed in determining a proper disposition under Rule 512.

     b)   The court also shall order the law enforcement agency that submitted the written allegation:

       i)   to take, or cause to be taken, the fingerprints and photographs of the juvenile if not previously taken pursuant to this case, and

       ii)   to ensure that these records, including the case reference number, are forwarded to the central repository maintained by the Pennsylvania State Police.

 B.  Timing.

   1)  If the juvenile is in detention, the court shall make its finding within twenty days of the ruling on the offenses pursuant to Rule 408.

   2)  If the juvenile is not in detention, the court shall make its finding within sixty days of the ruling on the offenses pursuant to Rule 408.

 C.  Extending Time by Agreement. The time restrictions under paragraphs (B)(1) and (B)(2) may be extended if there is an agreement by both parties.

Comment
   Under paragraph (A), absent evidence to the contrary, evidence of the commission of acts that constitute a felony is sufficient to sustain a finding that the juvenile is in need of treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6341(b).

   If the court determines that the juvenile is not in need of treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation and the court enters an order dismissing the petition, the victim, if not present, shall be notified of the final outcome of the proceeding. See Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P.S. §  11.201 et seq.

   This rule addresses adjudicating the juvenile delinquent or dismissing the petition. This determination is different from finding the juvenile committed a delinquent act under Rule 408.

   Pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6308(c)(3), all fingerprints and photographic records are to be destroyed upon order of the court if the juvenile is not adjudicated delinquent.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(1)(b), the court is to specify which items are to be expunged and which items are to be destroyed. See Rule 172(A)(2) and its Comment.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(2)(b)(ii), a case reference number is to be included to help track this case. See Comment to Rule 170 for further description of a case reference number.

   A report on the disposition is to be sent to the Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6309(d).

   For dispositional hearing procedures, see Chapter Five.

   Official Note

   Rule 409 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014. Amended April 23, 2018, effective July 1, 2018.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 409 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 409 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 409 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 409 published with the Court’s Order at 44 Pa.B. 5447 (August 16, 2014).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 409 published with the Court’s Order at 48 Pa.B. 2615 (May 5, 2018).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 409 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180; amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 5447; amended April 23, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 2615. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (392311) to (392312).

Rule 415. Challenge to the Weight of the Evidence.
 A.  Timing and Manner. A claim that a ruling on the offense or an adjudication of delinquency was against the weight of the evidence shall be raised with the juvenile court judge:

   1)  by oral motion, on the record, at any time after the ruling or adjudication and before disposition;

   2)  by written motion at any time after the ruling or adjudication and before disposition; or

   3)  in a post-dispositional motion pursuant to Rule 620(A)(1).

 B.  Decision. If the claim is raised before disposition:

   1)  the judge shall decide the motion before entering disposition and shall not extend the date for disposition or otherwise unduly delay the disposition hearing in order to dispose of the motion; and

   2)  the claim shall be preserved for appeal.

 C.  Appeal. An appeal of a decision shall be governed by the timing requirements of Rule 620(B)(2) or (3), whichever applies.

Comment
   The purpose of this rule is to make it clear that a challenge to the weight of the evidence must be raised with the juvenile court judge or it will be waived. See also In re J.B., 106 A.3d 76, 95 (Pa. 2014) (claim cannot be raised via closing argument). When a claim is raised pursuant to paragraph (A)(1) or (A)(2), it need not be raised again in a post-dispositional motion to preserve the claim for appeal.

   Official Note

   Rule 415 adopted May 23, 2018, effective October 1, 2018.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the adoption of Rule 415 published with the Court’s Order at 48 Pa.B. 3407 (June 9, 2018).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 415 adopted May 23, 2018, effective October 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3407.

























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter5/chap5toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 5. DISPOSITIONAL HEARING
PART A. SUMMONS AND NOTICE OF THE DISPOSITIONAL HEARING
Rule


500.    Summons and Notice of the Dispositional Hearing.
PART B. DISPOSITIONAL HEARING AND AIDS

510.    Prompt Dispositional Hearing.
512.    Dispositional Hearing.
513.    Aids in Disposition.
515.    Dispositional Order.
516.    Service of the Dispositional Order.
PART C. (Reserved)

520.    (Reserved).
PART D. (Reserved)

530.    (Reserved).
531.    (Reserved).
PART A. SUMMONS AND NOTICE OF THE DISPOSITIONAL HEARING

Rule 500. Summons and Notice of the Dispositional Hearing.
 A.  Summons. The court shall issue a summons compelling the juvenile and the juvenile’s guardian to appear for the dispositional hearing.

 B.  Notice. Notice of the dispositional hearing shall be given to:

   1)  the attorney for the Commonwealth;

   2)  the victim;

   3)  the juvenile’s attorney;

   4)  the juvenile probation office; and

   5)  the educational decision maker, if applicable.

 C.  Requirements. The general summons and notice procedures of Rule 124 shall be followed.

Comment
   Section 6335(a) of the Juvenile Act provides that the court shall direct the issuance of a summons to the juvenile, guardian, and any other persons as appears to the court to be proper and necessary for the proceedings. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335(a).

   The attorney for the Commonwealth or its designee is to notify the victim of the date, time, place, and purpose of the dispositional hearing. See Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P. S. §  11.201 et seq.

   Any persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the hearing. See Rule 123 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333. However, nothing in these rules requires the attendance of the victim unless subpoenaed.

   Official Note

   Rule 500 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 500 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 500 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 500 amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (357301) to (357302).

Part B. DISPOSITIONAL HEARING AND AIDS

Rule 510. Prompt Dispositional Hearing.
 A.  General rule.

   1)  Juvenile is detained. If the juvenile is detained, the dispositional hearing shall be held no later than twenty days after the ruling on the offenses under Rule 408.

   2)  Juvenile not detained. If the juvenile is not detained, the dispositional hearing shall be held no later than sixty days after ruling on the offenses pursuant to Rule 408.

 B.  Continuances. The dispositional hearing may be continued, if necessary. If the juvenile is detained, each continuance shall not exceed twenty days.

Comment
   Under paragraph (B), if there is a continuance, the court should review the juvenile’s case every twenty days until there is a final dispositional order.

   Official Note

   Rule 510 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended May 30, 2008, effective January 1, 2009.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 510 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 3238 (June 14, 2008).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 510 amended May 12, 2008, effective May 12, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 3238. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (327986).

Rule 512. Dispositional Hearing.
 A.  Manner of Hearing. The court shall conduct the dispositional hearing in an orderly manner.

   1)  Evidence. The court shall receive any oral or written evidence from both parties and the juvenile probation officer that is helpful in determining disposition, including evidence that was not admissible at the adjudicatory hearing.

   2)  Opportunity to be heard. Before deciding disposition, the court shall give the juvenile and the victim an opportunity to be heard.

   3)  Advanced communication technology. A court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 129 for the appearance of the juvenile or the witness only if the parties consent.

   4)  Prosecutor’s presence. The attorney for the Commonwealth shall attend the hearing.

 B.  Recording. The dispositional hearing shall be recorded.

 C.   Colloquy and Inquiry of Post-Dispositional Rights.

   1)  After entering disposition on the record, the court shall ensure that an attorney has reviewed the post-dispositional rights colloquy with the juvenile pursuant to paragraph (C)(2) and conduct an independent inquiry to determine whether the juvenile understands:

     a)   the right to file a post-dispositional motion;

     b)   the right to file an appeal;

     c)   the time limits for a post-dispositional motion and appeal;

     d)   the right to counsel to prepare the motion and appeal; and

     e)   the time limits within which the post-dispositional motion shall be decided.

   2)  The colloquy referenced in paragraph (c)(1) shall be:

     a)   in writing;

     b)   reviewed and completed with the juvenile by an attorney;

     c)   submitted to and reviewed by the court; and

     d)   substantially in the following form:


POST-DISPOSITIONAL RIGHTS COLLOQUY


In re
:	
JD
    (Juvenile)	:
:	Delinquent Act(s):
:	
:	
:	
   POST-DISPOSITIONAL RIGHTS COLLOQUY

   1)  You can disagree with the court’s decisions. You have the right to file a motion. It must be in writing. It must be filed within 10 days from today. You can ask your lawyer to file a motion to:

     a)   ask the court to change or review its decision finding you delinquent;

     b)   ask the court to change or review its decision to place you in a program or on probation; or

     c)   ask the court to change or review its decision to make you to do things on probation (such as paying money, doing community service, taking drug tests, etc.).

 In other words, you can ask the court to change or review any decision that it has made in your case with which you do not agree.

 Do you understand this?

   2)  You have the right to have a lawyer help you file your motion. If your lawyer (who is helping you today) cannot or will not file the motion for you, the court will appoint a new lawyer to help you.

 Do you understand this?

   3)  Here’s what could happen if you file a motion:

     a)   the court could disagree with the motion without having a hearing;

     b)   the court could agree with the motion without having a hearing; or

     c)   the court could hold a hearing and then agree or disagree with the motion.

 Do you understand this?

   4)  If the court disagrees with your motion, you have the right to ask a higher court to look at your case. The higher court would decide if the juvenile court made any mistakes or abused its responsibility when it disagreed with your motion. This is called taking an appeal.

 Do you understand this?

   5)  You must file your request or appeal in writing. You have 30 days from when the court disagrees with your motion to file it.

 Do you understand this?

   6)  You have the right to have a lawyer to help you with your appeal. If your lawyer (who is helping you today) cannot or will not file your appeal for you, the court will appoint a new lawyer to help you.

 Do you understand this?

   7)  You may decide that you would like to take an appeal but do not wish to file a motion. This is called taking a direct appeal. In your direct appeal, you may ask the higher court to decide if the juvenile court was right or wrong in finding you guilty (including what the juvenile judge was or was not allowed to hear) or if the juvenile court made any mistakes or abused its responsibility in anything that the court ordered as your consequences.

 Do you understand this?

   8)  If you wish to take a direct appeal (without filing a motion first) you must file your appeal within 30 days from today (or 30 days from the day that the court decides your consequences).

 Do you understand this?

   9)  If you admitted to any of the charges, you can only ask the higher court to look at the following issues:

     a)   whether your admission was voluntary (you made your own decision to admit to a charge. No one forced you to do this. You understood what you were doing, including the consequences.);

     b)   whether the court was the correct court to hear your case (the court had the authority over your case); or

     c)   whether the court abused its responsibility or made any mistakes in the things that were ordered as your consequences.

 Do you understand this?

   10)  It is important that you remember that you have certain time periods to file a motion or an appeal. These are the time periods:

     a)   You must file your motion within 10 days from today (or the date that the court decides your consequences).

     b)   You have 30 days from the date that the court disagreed with your motion to file your appeal with the higher court.

     c)   If you do not file a motion, you must file your appeal to the higher court within 30 days from today (or the date that the court decides your consequences).

 Do you understand this?

 I promise that I have read this whole form or someone has read this form to me. I understand it. The signature below and on each page of this form are mine.

   


Juvenile
   


Date
 I,

, lawyer for the juvenile, have reviewed this form with my client. My client has told me that he or she understands this form.
   


Lawyer for Juvenile
   


Date
 D. Court’s Findings. The court shall enter its findings and conclusions of law into the record and enter an order pursuant to Rule 515. On the record in open court, the court shall state:

   1)  its disposition;

   2)  the reasons for its disposition;

   3)  the terms, conditions, and limitations of the disposition; and

   4)  if the juvenile is removed from the home:

     a)   the name or type of any agency or institution that shall provide care, treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation of the juvenile;

     b)   its findings and conclusions of law that formed the basis of its decision consistent with 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6301 and 6352, including why the court found that the out-of-home placement ordered is the least restrictive type of placement that is consistent with the protection of the public and best suited to the juvenile’s treatment, supervision, rehabilitation, and welfare; and

     c)   the provision of educational services for the juvenile pursuant to Rule 148;

   5)  whether any evaluations, tests, counseling, or treatments are necessary;

   6)  any findings necessary to ensure the stability and appropriateness of the juvenile’s education, and when appropriate, the court shall appoint an educational decision maker pursuant to Rule 147; and

   7)  any findings necessary to identify, monitor, and address the juvenile’s needs concerning health care and disability, if any, and if parental consent cannot be obtained, authorize evaluations and treatment needed.

Comment
   Any persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the hearing. See Rule 123 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333. However, nothing in these rules requires the attendance of the victim unless subpoenaed. If the victim is not present, the victim is to be notified of the final outcome of the proceeding. See Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P. S. §  11.201 et seq.

   Under paragraph (A)(2), prior to deciding disposition, the court is to give the victim an opportunity to submit an oral and/or written victim-impact statement if the victim so chooses.

   Before deciding disposition, the court may hear oral argument from the parties’ attorneys.

   To the extent practicable, the judge or juvenile court hearing officer that presided over the adjudicatory hearing for a juvenile should preside over the dispositional hearing for the same juvenile.

   Pursuant to paragraph (C)(1), the court is to explain the right to retain private counsel or be appointed counsel for a post-dispositional motion or an appeal if a juvenile is without counsel. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6337; see also Rule 150(B) for duration of counsel and Rule 151 for assignment of counsel.

   Pursuant to paragraph (C)(2), the post-dispositional rights colloquy should be substantially in this form. The statements contained are the minimum; a judicial district may choose to add requirements to its form. Any addition to the required form is considered a local rule and the procedures of Pa.R.J.A. No. 103(d) are to be followed if a judicial district chooses to make additions.

   The post-dispositional rights form can be downloaded from the Supreme Court’s webpage at http://www.pacourts.us/forms/juvenile-delinquency-forms. The form is also available in Spanish.

   Pursuant to paragraph (D), when the court has determined the juvenile is in need of treatment, supervision, and rehabilitation, the court is to place its findings and conclusions of law on the record by announcing them orally in the courtroom, followed by written order. The court is to consider the following factors: a) the protection of the community; b) the treatment needs of the juvenile; c) the supervision needs of the juvenile; d) the development of competencies to enable the juvenile to become a responsible and productive member of the community; e) accountability for the offense(s) committed; and f) any other factors that the court deems appropriate.

   Nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the court from further explaining its findings in the dispositional order pursuant to Rule 515.

   Pursuant to paragraph (D)(4), when out-of-home placement is necessary, the court is to explain why the placement is the least restrictive type of placement that is consistent with the protection of the public and the rehabilitation needs of the child. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6352. The court should also explain to the juvenile the availability of review of the out-of-home placement pursuant to Pa.R.A.P. 1770.

   Pursuant to paragraph (D)(6), the court should address the juvenile’s educational needs. The court’s order should address the right to: 1) an educational decision maker pursuant to Rule 147, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301, 20 U.S.C. §  1439(a)(5), and 34 C.F.R. §  300.519; and 2) an appropriate education, including any necessary special education or remedial services, 24 P. S. § §  13-1371, 13-1372, 55 Pa. Code §  3130.87, and 20 U.S.C. §  1400 et seq.

   The court should also address the juvenile’s needs concerning health care and disability. The court’s order should address the right of: 1) a juvenile to receive timely and medically appropriate screenings and health care services, 55 Pa. Code §  3800.32 and 42 U.S.C. §  1396d(r); and 2) a juvenile with disabilities to receive necessary accommodations, 42 U.S.C. §  12132, 28 C.F.R. §  35.101 et seq., Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. §  794, and implementing regulations at 45 C.F.R. §  84.1 et seq.

   Pursuant to the Juvenile Act, the court has authority to order a physical or mental examination of a juvenile and medical or surgical treatment of a minor, who is suffering from a serious physical condition or illness which requires prompt treatment in the opinion of a physician. The court may order the treatment even if the guardians have not been given notice of the pending hearing, are not available, or without good cause inform the court that they do not consent to the treatment. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6339(b).

   See Rule 127 for recording and transcribing of proceedings.

   See Rule 136 for ex parte communications.

   Official Note

   Rule 512 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended May 17, 2007, effective August 20, 2007. Amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended May 16, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended July 18, 2012, effective October 1, 2012. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017. Amended May 11, 2017, effective October 1, 2017. Amended December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 512 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 512 published with the Court’s Order at 37 Pa.B. 2506 (June 2, 2007).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 512 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2319 (May 7, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 512 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 512 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2684 (May 28, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 512 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 512 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 4909 (August 4, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 512 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 512 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2969 (May 27, 2017).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 512 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 208 (January 12, 2019).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 512 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 610 (February 9, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 512 amended May 17, 2007, effective August 20, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 2506; amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended May 16, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2684; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180; amended July 18, 2012, effective October 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 4909; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313; amended May 11, 2017, effective October 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2969; amended December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 208, 610. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387918) to (387923).

Rule 513. Aids in Disposition.
 A.  Social Study.

   1)  The court may order the preparation of a social study in any case to aid in the decision for disposition.

   2)  If a social study is ordered, the study shall address any educational, health care, and disability needs of the juvenile.

 B.  Examinations. The court may order the juvenile to undergo health psychological, psychiatric, drug and alcohol, or any other examination, as it deems appropriate to aid in the decision for disposition.

 C.  Victim-Impact Statement. The victim may submit a victim-impact statement to the court. If the victim has submitted a victim-impact statement, the court shall accept and consider the victim-impact statement in determining disposition.

Comment
   Section 6341(e) of the Juvenile Act requires the court to receive reports and other evidence bearing on the disposition or need of treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation. In re McDonough, 430 A.2d 308 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1981).

   Paragraph (C) addresses a statement submitted by the victim to the court. For the victim’s opportunity to be heard, see Rule 512(A)(2). See also Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P. S. §  11.201 et seq.

   Official Note

   Rule 513 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 513 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 513 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 513 amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (356687).

Rule 515. Dispositional Order.
 (a) Generally. When the court enters a disposition after an adjudication of delinquency pursuant to Rule 409(A)(2), the court shall issue a written order in accordance with 42 Pa.C.S. §  6352, which the court has determined to be consistent with the protection of the public interest and best suited to the child’s treatment, supervision, rehabilitation and welfare, which disposition shall, as appropriate to the individual circumstances of the child’s case, provide balanced attention to the protection of the community, accountability for the offenses committed, and development of the juvenile’s competencies to enable the juvenile to become a responsible and productive member of the community. The order shall include:

   (1)  the court’s findings pursuant to Rule 512(D), including any conditions of probation that, if not enumerated in the order, shall be attached to the order;

   (2)  a designation whether the case is eligible pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6307(b)(1.1)(i) for limited public information;

   (3)  a directive that the juvenile shall submit to fingerprinting and photographing by, or arranged by, the law enforcement agency that submitted the written allegation in all cases in which the juvenile has not previously been fingerprinted or photographed;

   (4)  the date of the order; and

   (5)  the signature and printed name of the judge entering the order.

 (b) Financial Obligations. If the court orders the payment of fines, costs, fees, or restitution, pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6352(a)(5) and (6), the amounts shall be reasonable and as deemed appropriate as part of a plan of rehabilitation considering the nature of the acts committed and the earning capacity of the juvenile. The dispositional order shall include:

   (1)  the specific amounts of fines, costs, fees, or restitution to be paid by the juvenile;

   (2)  to whom each of the financial obligations shall be paid; and

   (3)  a payment schedule based upon the juvenile’s ability to pay according to the dispositional order.

 (c) Guardian Participation. The dispositional order shall include any conditions, limitations, restrictions, and obligations imposed upon the guardian.

 (d) Disposition Reporting. The court shall forward the case disposition to the Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission, as required by the Commission.

Comment
   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6352 regarding disposition of a delinquent child.

   Courts shall impose the conditions of probation at the time of disposition. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 512(D)(3). If the imposed conditions of probation are not enumerated in the dispositional order itself, the court shall attach them to the order pursuant to subdivision (a)(1).

   Pursuant to subdivision (a)(2), the court is to determine if the case is eligible for limited public information under the requirements of 42 Pa.C.S. §  6307(b)(1.1)(i). See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6307(b)(2). When the case is designated, the clerk of courts is to mark the file clearly. For information that is available to the public in those eligible cases, see Rule 160.

   See 23 Pa.C.S. §  5503 and 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6308, 6309, and 6310.

   Pursuant to subdivision (b), financial obligations may be imposed as a plan of rehabilitation consistent with the goals of balanced and restorative justice: 1) the protection of the community; 2) the imposition of accountability for offenses committed; and 3) the development of competencies to enable the juvenile to become a responsible and productive member of the community. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6352(a).

   In determining the amount of the financial obligation pursuant to subdivision (b), the judge may include a contribution to a restitution fund. See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6352(a)(5)-(6). A juvenile’s earning capacity can be determined by examining factors including, but not limited to, the juvenile’s physical and intellectual capabilities, maturity, education, work history, availability of suitable employment, and the priority of other uses of earnings, including essential goods and services, dependents, and the pursuit of higher education. The court may also order non-financial obligations consistent with the principles of balanced and restorative justice.

   Assuming the court finds the juvenile has a sufficient earning capacity to impose a reasonable financial obligation, the court should determine the juvenile’s present ability to pay the financial obligation in accordance with the payment schedule pursuant to subdivision (b)(3). In determining a payment schedule, the court should include the frequency, amount, and duration of payments. A juvenile with a present ability to satisfy a financial obligation may be placed on an immediate and full payment schedule.

   When a disposition is no longer consistent with the goals of balanced and restorative justice, a juvenile’s plan of rehabilitation may be changed through a dispositional review hearing and modification of dispositional order, including an adjustment of financial obligations. See Rule 610(A)-(B).

   The court shall retain jurisdiction over the juvenile until the juvenile attains 21 years of age, or supervision has been terminated upon completion of the terms of the dispositional order and satisfaction of financial obligations, or otherwise. See 42 Pa.C.S §  6352(a)(5); see also Rules 630 (Loss of Court Jurisdiction), 631 (Termination of Court Supervision) and 632 (Early Termination of Court Supervision by Motion).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 515 amended August 21, 2007, effective December 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 4866; amended August 7, 2009, effective August 8, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 4741; amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended February 13, 2019, effective June 28, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 916; amended October 22, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 6905; amended December 1, 2022, effective April 1, 2023, 52 Pa.B. 7810. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (410606) and (408605) to (408606).

Rule 516. Service of the Dispositional Order.
 Upon entry of the disposition, the court shall issue a dispositional order and the order shall be served promptly upon:

   1)  the juvenile;

   2)  the juvenile’s guardian;

   3)  the juvenile’s attorney;

   4)  the attorney for the Commonwealth;

   5)  the juvenile probation officer;

   6)  any agency directed to provide treatment; and

   7)  any other person as ordered by the court.

   Official Note

   Rule 516 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

PART C. [Reserved]

Rule 520. [Reserved].

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 520 adopted May 17, 2007, effective August 20, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 2506; amended July 28, 2009, effective immediately, 39 Pa.B. 4743; amended January 11, 2010, effective March 1, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 518; reserved and renumbered as 237 Pa. Code Rule 620 February 23, 2012, effective April 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 1214. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (357307) to (357311).

PART D. [Reserved]

Rule 530. [Reserved].
Rule 531. [Reserved].



























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter6/chap6toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 6. POST-DISPOSITIONAL PROCEDURES
PART A. SUMMONS AND NOTICE
Rule


600.    Summons and Notice of the Commitment Review, Dispositional Review, and Probation Revocation Hearing.
PART B. MODIFICATIONS AND REVIEWS

605.    Detaining Juvenile for Modification of the Dispositional Order or Violation of Probation.
610.    Dispositional and Commitment Review.
612.    Modification or Revocation of Probation.
616.    Post-Dispositional Procedures; Appeal (Reserved).
617.    Release of Juvenile Pending Appeal (Reserved).
PART C. MOTIONS AND NUNC PRO TUNC RELIEF

620.    Post-Dispositional Motions.
622.    Motion for Nunc Pro Tunc Relief.
625.    Hearing and Findings on Motion for Nunc Pro Tunc Relief.
628.    Order of Court on Motion for Nunc Pro Tunc Relief.
PART D. CESSATION OF COURT JURISDICTION OR SUPERVISION

630.    Loss of Court Jurisdiction.
631.    Termination of Court Supervision.
632.    Early Termination of Court Supervision by Motion.
PART A. SUMMONS AND NOTICE

Rule 600. Summons and Notice of the Commitment Review, Dispositional Review, and Probation Revocation Hearing.
 A.  Summons. The court shall issue a summons compelling the juvenile and the juvenile’s guardian to appear for the commitment review, dispositional review, or probation revocation hearing.

 B.  Notice. Notice of the hearing shall be given to:

   1)  the attorney for the Commonwealth;

   2)  the juvenile’s attorney;

   3)  the juvenile probation office;

   4)  the placement facility staff, if the juvenile is in placement; and

   5)  the educational decision maker, if applicable.

 C.  Requirements. The general summons and notice procedures of Rule 124 shall be followed.

Comment
   Section 6335(a) of the Juvenile Act provides that the court shall direct the issuance of a summons to the juvenile, guardian, and any other persons as appears to the court to be proper and necessary for the proceedings. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335(a).

   The attorney for the Commonwealth or its designee is to notify the victim of the date, time, place, and purpose of the dispositional and commitment review hearings. See Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P. S. §  11.201 et seq.

   Any persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the hearing. See Rule 123 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333. However, nothing in these rules requires the attendance of the victim unless subpoenaed.

   Official Note

   Rule 600 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 600 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 600 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this rule 600 amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (357313) to (357314).

PART B. MODIFICATIONS AND REVIEWS

Rule 605. Detaining Juvenile for Modification of the Dispositional Order or Violation of Probation.
 A.  A juvenile may be detained for a modification of a dispositional order or a violation of probation by:

   1)  the filing of a motion for modification of the dispositional order;

   2)  the anticipated filing of a motion for modification of the dispositional order within twenty-four hours of the juvenile’s detention; or

   3)  the filing of a motion alleging probation violations.

 B.  The court shall adhere to the detention, notice, time, and manner of hearing provisions of Rules 240, 241 and 242.

   Official Note

   Rule 605 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 605 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

Rule 610. Dispositional and Commitment Review.
 A.  Dispositional Review Hearing. The court shall review its disposition and conduct dispositional review hearings for the purpose of ensuring that the juvenile is receiving necessary treatment and services and that the terms and conditions of the disposition are being met.

   1)  In all cases, the court shall conduct dispositional review hearings at least every six months.

   2)  In all cases, the juvenile shall appear in person at least once a year.

   3)  The court may schedule a review hearing at any time.

 B.  Modification of Dispositional Order. Whenever there is a motion for a modification of the dispositional order, other than a motion to revoke probation as provided in Rule 612, notice and an opportunity to be heard shall be given to the parties and the victim. Any outstanding restitution amounts may not be reduced by modification of the dispositional order without specific notice to the victim prior to the hearing that a modification may be ordered.

   1)  The juvenile may be detained pending a court hearing.

   2)  A detention hearing shall be held within 72 hours of the juvenile’s detention, if detained.

   3)  The juvenile shall be given a statement of reasons for the discharge from a placement facility or motion for modification of the dispositional order.

   4)  A review hearing shall be held within 20 days of the discharge from the placement facility or motion for modification of the dispositional order.

 C. Advanced Communication Technology. A court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 129 for a juvenile or a witness unless good cause is shown otherwise.

 D.  Post-Dispositional Rights. A colloquy and inquiry of post-dispositional rights shall be conducted when a juvenile is aggrieved by a modification of the dispositional order.

Comment
   At any hearing, if it is determined that the juvenile is in need of an educational decision maker, the court is to appoint an educational decision maker pursuant to Rule 147.

   Under paragraph (A), the court is to conduct dispositional review hearings as frequently as necessary to ensure that the juvenile is receiving necessary treatment and services and that the terms and conditions of the disposition are being met. See Rule 800.

   When conducting a dispositional review hearing, the court is to ensure that the disposition continues to provide balanced attention to the protection of the community, the imposition of accountability for offenses committed, and the development of competencies to enable the juvenile to become a responsible and productive member of the community. A change in the plan of rehabilitation may result in the adjustment of financial obligations imposed pursuant to Rule 515. An ‘‘adjustment’’ is not intended to invite the imposition of increased fines, fees, or costs after disposition.

   Nothing in this rule prohibits the juvenile from requesting an earlier review hearing. The juvenile may file a motion requesting a hearing when there is a need for change in treatment or services.

   Additionally, nothing in this rule is intended to prohibit the emergency transfer of a juvenile from a placement facility to a detention facility pending reconsideration of the dispositional order, and this rule is not intended to preclude a motion for modification of a dispositional order after the juvenile has been detained.

   Under paragraph (B), the attorney for the Commonwealth or its designee is to notify the victim of the date, time, place, and purpose of the review hearing. Prior to ordering the modification of the dispositional order, the court is to give the victim an opportunity to submit an oral and/or written victim-impact statement if the victim so chooses. See Victims Bill of Rights, 18 P.S. § §  11.201 et seq. Whenever a motion seeks a reduction of outstanding restitution, the victim should be given specific notice of the relief sought prior to the hearing. A court may not order a downward adjustment of outstanding restitution without first ensuring that notice was given to the victim of the possibility that such an adjustment was specifically being considered at the dispositional review hearing.

   Any persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the hearing. See Rule 123 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333. However, nothing in these rules requires the attendance of the victim unless subpoenaed. If the victim is not present, the victim is to be notified of the final outcome of the proceeding.

   Some placement facilities are hours away from the dispositional court. Paragraph (C) allows a hearing to be conducted via teleconferencing, two-way simultaneous audio-visual communication, or similar method. The juvenile is to be afforded all the same rights and privileges as if the hearing was held with all present in the courtroom.

   If a juvenile is detained or placed, the juvenile is to be placed in a detention facility or placement facility, which does not include a county jail or state prison. See Rule 120 and its Comment for definitions of ‘‘detention facility’’ and ‘‘placement facility.’’

   For the colloquy and inquiry of post-dispositional rights, see Rule 512(C). If a change in disposition results in an out-of-home placement, then the court should also explain to the juvenile the availability of review of the out-of-home placement pursuant to Pa.R.A.P. 1612.

   Official Note

   Rule 610 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 30, 2005, effective immediately. Amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately. Amended May 11, 2017, effective October 1, 2017. Amended October 22, 2021, effective April 1, 2022.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 610 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the revisions of Rule 610 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 186 (January 14, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 610 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2319 (May 7, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 610 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 610 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 610 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 3938 (July 13, 2013).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 610 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2969 (May 27, 2017).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 610 published with the Court’s Order at 51 Pa.B. 6905 (November 6, 2021).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 610 amended December 30, 2005, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 186; amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180; amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately, 43 Pa.B. 3938; amended May 11, 2017, effective October 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2969; amended October 22, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 6905. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387928) to (387930).

Rule 612. Modification or Revocation of Probation.
 A.  Filing. A motion to modify or revoke probation shall be filed in accordance with Rule 345.

 B.  Time of Hearing on the Motion.

   1)  If the juvenile is detained, the hearing on the motion shall be held within ten days of the detention hearing.

   2)  If the juvenile is not detained, the hearing on the motion shall be held promptly.

 C.  Modification. If the court modifies the dispositional order, the court shall state the grounds for the modification and shall issue a new dispositional order in accordance with Rule 515.

 D.  Advanced Communication Technology. A court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 129 for a juvenile or a witness unless good cause is shown otherwise.

 E.  Post-Dispositional Rights. A colloquy and inquiry of post-dispositional rights shall be conducted when a juvenile is aggrieved by a change in the dispositional order.

Comment
   A juvenile should be afforded due process before probation can be revoked. Cf. Gagnon v. Scarpelli, 411 U.S. 778 (1973); Morrissey v. Brewer, 408 U.S. 471 (1972). A juvenile’s probation cannot be revoked simply on the grounds of hearsay evidence. In re Davis, 586 A.2d 914 (Pa. 1991).

   If a juvenile is over the age of eighteen, under the age of twenty-one, and is alleged to have violated the terms of probation, the juvenile, if detained, is to be placed in a detention facility. See Rule 120 and its Comment for definitions of ‘‘detention facility,’’ which does not include a county jail or state prison, and ‘‘juvenile,’’ which includes a person who has attained ten years of age and is not yet twenty-one years of age who is alleged to have committed a delinquent act before reaching eighteen years of age or who is alleged to have violated the terms of juvenile probation prior to termination of juvenile court supervision.

   For detention procedures, see Rules 240 through 243.

   For dispositional orders, see Rule 515.

   Whenever a motion seeking to modify probation also seeks a reduction of outstanding restitution, the victim should be given specific notice of the relief sought prior to the hearing. A court may not order a downward adjustment of outstanding restitution without first ensuring that notice was given to the victim of the possibility that such an adjustment was specifically being considered at the hearing. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 610(B).

   For the use of advanced communication technology, see Rule 129.

   For the colloquy and inquiry of post-dispositional rights, see Rule 512(C). If a change in disposition results in an out-of-home placement, then the court should also explain to the juvenile the availability of review of the out-of-home placement pursuant to Pa.R.A.P. 1612.

   Official Note

   Rule 612 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended March 5, 2013, effective immediately. Amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately. Amended May 11, 2017, effective October 1, 2017. Amended October 22, 2021, effective April 1, 2022.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 612 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 1551 (March 23, 2013).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 612 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 3938 (July 13, 2013).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 612 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2969 (May 27, 2017).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 612 published with the Court’s Order at 51 Pa.B. 6905 (November 6, 2021).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 612 amended March 5, 2013, effective immediately, 43 Pa.B. 1551; amended June 28, 2013, effective immediately, 43 Pa.B. 3938; amended May 11, 2017, effective October 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2969; amended October 22, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 6905. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387930) and (393109).

Rule 616. Post-Dispositional Procedures; Appeal (Reserved).
Rule 617. Release of Juvenile Pending Appeal (Reserved).

PART C. MOTIONS AND NUNC PRO TUNC RELIEF

Rule 620. Post-Dispositional Motions.
 A.  Optional Post-Dispositional Motion.

   1)  A party shall have the right to file a post-dispositional motion. All requests for relief from the court shall be stated with specificity and shall be consolidated in the post-dispositional motion.

   2)  Claims properly raised before or during the adjudicatory hearing shall be deemed issues preserved for appeal whether or not the party elects to file a post-dispositional motion on those claims.

 B.  Timing.

   1)  If a post-dispositional motion is filed, it shall be filed within ten days of the date of entry of the dispositional order.

   2)  If a timely post-dispositional motion is filed, the notice of appeal shall be filed within thirty days of the date of entry of the post-dispositional order:

     a)   deciding the motion;

     b)   denying the motion by operation of law in a case when the judge fails to decide the motion; or

     c)   memorializing the withdrawal in a case when a party withdraws the motion.

   3)  If a post-dispositional motion is not timely filed, a notice of appeal shall be filed within thirty days of the date of entry of the dispositional order.

 C.  Court Action.

   1)  Briefing Schedule and Argument. Within ten days of the filing of the post-dispositional motion, the court shall:

     a)   determine if briefs, memoranda of law, or oral arguments are required; and

     b)   set the briefing schedule and dates for oral argument, if necessary.

   2)  Failure to Set Schedule. If the court fails to act according to paragraph (C)(1), briefs and oral arguments are deemed unnecessary.

   3)  Transcript. If the grounds asserted in the post-dispositional motion do not require a transcript, neither the briefs nor arguments concerning the post-dispositional motion shall be delayed for transcript preparation.

 D.  Time Limitations for Decision on Motion. The judge shall not vacate the disposition pending the decision on the post-dispositional motion, but shall decide the motion as provided in this paragraph.

   1)  Except as provided in paragraph (D)(2), the judge shall decide the post-dispositional motion as soon as possible but within thirty days of the filing of the motion. If the judge fails to decide the motion within thirty days, or to grant an extension as provided in paragraph (D)(2), the motion shall be deemed denied by operation of law.

   2)  Upon motion of a party and good cause shown, prior to the expiration of the 30-day decision period of paragraph (D)(1), the judge may grant one 30-day extension to decide the motion. If the judge fails to decide the motion within the 30-day extension period, the motion shall be deemed denied by operation of law.

   3)  When a post-dispositional motion is denied by operation of law, the clerk of courts shall forthwith enter an order on behalf of the court. Pursuant to Rule 167, the clerk of courts shall serve a copy of the order upon each attorney and the juvenile, if unrepresented, that states the post-dispositional motion is deemed denied. This order is not subject to reconsideration.

   4)  If the judge denies the post-dispositional motion, the judge promptly shall issue an order. The order shall be filed and served as provided in Rule 167.

   5)  If a party withdraws a post-dispositional motion, the judge promptly shall issue an order memorializing the withdrawal. The order shall be filed and served as provided in Rule 167.

 E.  Contents of Order. An order denying a post-dispositional motion or an order issued following a party’s withdrawal of the post-dispositional motion pursuant to paragraph (D)(5), shall include notice to the party of the following:

   1)  the right to appeal;

   2)  the time limitations for filing the appeal; and

   3)  the right to counsel for the appellate process.

 F.  After-Discovered Evidence. A motion for a new adjudicatory hearing on the grounds of after-discovered evidence shall be filed in writing promptly after such discovery. If an appeal is pending, the judge may grant the motion only upon remand of the case.

Comment
   For the definition of ‘‘disposition,’’ see Rule 120 and its Comment.

   When properly raised before or during a hearing, a claim will be deemed preserved for appeal and the party need not file a post-dispositional motion solely for the purpose of preservation. To raise a claim that a ruling on the offense or an adjudication of delinquency was against the weight of the evidence, see Rule 415. Nothing in this rule is intended to address Pa.R.A.P. 1925(b) or the possible waiver of appellate issues for non-compliance with the Pennsylvania Rules of Appellate Procedure once an appeal is filed. See, e.g., Commonwealth v. Lord, 719 A.2d 306 (Pa. 1998) (any issues not raised in a 1925(b) statement will be deemed waived).

   See Rule 622 and In re Brandon Smith, 573 A.2d 1077 (Pa. Super. 1990), for motions concerning ineffective assistance of counsel.

   TIMING

   Supplemental post-dispositional motions may be filed, but the time requirements of paragraph (B)(1) are to be followed.

   For the date of entry of an order, see Pa.R.A.P. 108(a)(1) (‘‘[T]he day of entry shall be the day the clerk of the court. . . mails or delivers copies of the order to the parties. . . .’’).

   BRIEFS; TRANSCRIPTS; ARGUMENT

   Under paragraph (C)(1), the judge should determine, on a case-by-case basis, whether briefs, memoranda of law, or arguments are required for a fair resolution of the post-dispositional motion. The judge may order that a concise summary of the relevant law and facts is sufficient. Any local rule requiring briefs or oral argument in every case is inconsistent with this rule. See Pa.R.J.A. No. 103(d)(2).

   Under paragraph (C)(3), the judge, in consultation with the attorneys, should determine what, if any, portions of the notes of testimony are to be transcribed so that the post-dispositional motion can be resolved. The judge should then set clear deadlines for the court reporter to ensure timely resolution of the motion. Nothing in this rule precludes the judge from ordering the transcription of the notes of testimony or portions of it immediately after the conclusion of the adjudicatory, dispositional, or revocation hearing or the entry of an admission.

   For the recording and transcribing of court proceedings generally, see Pa.R.J.A. Nos. 4001—4016. The requirements for the record and the writing of an opinion for an appeal are set forth in the Pennsylvania Rules of Appellate Procedure.

   There is no requirement that oral argument be held for every post-dispositional motion. When oral argument is held concerning the post-dispositional motion, the juvenile need not be present.

   DISPOSITION

   Under paragraph (D), the judge may not vacate the order imposing the disposition pending decision on the post-dispositional motion. However, the judge may vacate or change the disposition once there has been a decision on the motion if the motion was decided within the time limitations of this rule.

   Paragraph (D)(2) permits one 30-day extension of the 30-day time limitation upon motion of a party and good cause shown. In most cases, an extension would be requested and granted when new counsel has entered the case. Only a party may request such an extension. The judge may not, sua sponte, extend the time for the decision: a congested court calendar or other judicial delay does not constitute ‘‘good cause’’ under this rule.

   The possibility of an extension is not intended to suggest that thirty days are required for a decision in most cases. The time limitations for resolution of the post-dispositional motion are the outer limits. Uncomplicated issues, such as a modification of the disposition or an admission challenge, ordinarily should be decided in a much shorter time period.

   If the judge decides the motion within the time limitations of this rule, the judge may grant reconsideration on the post-dispositional motion pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  5505 or Pa.R.A.P. 1701(b)(3), but the judge may not vacate the disposition pending reconsideration. The reconsideration period may not be used to extend the timing requirements set forth in paragraph (D) for decision of the post-dispositional motion. The time limitations imposed by paragraphs (D)(1) and (D)(2) continue to run from the date the post-dispositional motion was originally filed. The judge’s reconsideration, therefore, is to be resolved within the 30-day decision period of paragraph (D)(1) or the 30-day extension period of paragraph (D)(2), whichever applies. If a decision on the reconsideration is not reached within the appropriate period, the post-dispositional motion, including any issues raised for reconsideration, will be denied pursuant to paragraph (D)(3).

   Under paragraph (D)(1), on the date when the court decides the motion, or the date when the motion is denied by operation of law pursuant to paragraph (D)(3), the judgment becomes final for the purposes of appeal. See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  102, 722, 742, 5105(a), Pa.R.A.P. 341, and Commonwealth v. Bolden, 373 A.2d 90 (Pa. 1977).

   An order entered by the clerk of courts under paragraph (D)(3) constitutes a ministerial order and is not subject to reconsideration or modification pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  5505 or Pa.R.A.P. 1701.

   If the motion is denied by operation of law, paragraph (D)(3) requires that the clerk of courts enter an order denying the motion on behalf of the court and immediately notify the attorneys, or the juvenile, if unrepresented, that the motion has been denied. This notice is intended to protect the party’s right to appeal. The clerk of courts also is to comply with the filing, service, and docket entry requirements of Rule 167.

   CONTENTS OF ORDER

   Paragraph (E) protects a party’s right to appeal by requiring that the judge’s order denying the motion, the clerk of courts’ order denying the motion by operation of law, or the order entered memorializing a party’s withdrawal of a post-dispositional motion, contain a written notice of the party’s appellate rights. This requirement ensures adequate notice to the party, which is important given the potential time lapse between the notice provided at the dispositional hearing and the resolution of the post-dispositional motion. See also Commonwealth v. Miller, 715 A.2d 1203 (Pa. Super. 1998), concerning the contents of the order memorializing the withdrawal of a post-dispositional motion.

   When a party withdraws a post-dispositional motion in open court and on the record, the judge should enter an oral order memorializing the withdrawal. The judge is to give the party notice of the information required by paragraph (E). See Commonwealth v. Miller, supra.

   AFTER-DISCOVERED EVIDENCE

   Pursuant to paragraph (F), a motion for a new adjudicatory hearing on the grounds of after-discovered evidence may be filed with the court. If the motion is filed, it is to be in writing after such discovery is made if there is no appeal pending. See Rule 622 for filing a motion for nunc pro tunc relief. If an appeal is pending, the judge may grant the motion only upon remand of the case.

   If there is after-discovered evidence concerning the dispositional hearing, a motion for a change in the dispositional order may be filed with the court. The motion may allege a need for a change in the dispositional order pursuant to Rule 610(B). If this motion is made, notice and an opportunity to be heard is to be given to the parties and the victim. See Rule 610(B) and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6353.

   MISCELLANEOUS

   Under paragraph (A)(1), the grounds for the post-dispositional motion should be stated with specificity. Motions alleging insufficient evidence, for example, are to specify the reasons why the evidence was insufficient, and motions alleging that the court’s findings were against the weight of the evidence are to specify why the findings were against the weight of the evidence.

   Because the post-dispositional motion is optional, the failure to raise a claim with specificity in the post-dispositional motion will not constitute a waiver of the issue on appeal if the claim was properly raised. See paragraph (A)(2).

   Claims properly preserved at the dispositional hearing need not, but may, be raised again in a motion to modify disposition in order to preserve them for appeal. In deciding whether to move to modify the disposition, counsel should carefully consider whether the record created at the dispositional hearing is adequate for appellate review of the issues, or the issues may be waived. See Commonwealth v. Jarvis, 663 A.2d 790 (Pa. Super. 1995). As a general rule, the motion to modify the disposition under paragraph (A)(1) gives the dispositional judge the earliest opportunity to modify the disposition. This procedure does not affect the court’s inherent powers to correct an illegal disposition or obvious and patent mistakes in its orders any time before an appeal or upon remand by the appellate court. See, e.g., Commonwealth v. Holmes, 933 A.2d 57 (Pa. 2007) (court has inherent power to correct patent and obvious mistakes despite the absence of traditional jurisdiction); Commonwealth v. Jones, 554 A.2d 50 (Pa. 1989) (court can, sua sponte, correct an illegal sentence even after the defendant has begun probation or placement); Commonwealth v. Cole, 263 A.2d 339 (Pa. 1970) (inherent power of the court to correct obvious and patent mistakes).

   Once a disposition has been modified or reimposed pursuant to a motion to modify the disposition under paragraph (A)(1), a party wishing to challenge the decision on the motion does not have to file an additional motion to modify the disposition in order to preserve an issue for appeal if the issue was properly preserved when the disposition was modified or reimposed. See paragraph (B)(2).

   Official Note

   Rule 520 adopted May 17, 2007, effective August 20, 2007. Amended July 28, 2009, effective immediately. Amended January 11, 2010, effective March 1, 2010. Renumbered Rule 620 on February 23, 2012, effective April 1, 2012. Amended May 23, 2018, effective October 1, 2018.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 520 published with the Court’s Order at 37 Pa.B. 2506 (June 2, 2007).

   Final Report explaining the amendment to Rule 520 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 4743 (August 8, 2009).

   Final Report explaining the renumbering of Rule 520 to 620 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 1214 (March 10, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 620 published with the Court’s Order at 48 Pa.B. 3407 (June 9, 2018).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 520 adopted May 17, 2007, effective August 20, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 2506; amended July 28, 2009, effective immediately, 39 Pa.B. 4743; amended January 11, 2010, effective March 1, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 518; reserved and renumbered as 237 Pa. Code Rule 620 February 23, 2012, effective April 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 1214; amended May 23, 2018, effective October 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3407. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387931) and (360635) to (360639).

Rule 622. Motion for Nunc Pro Tunc Relief.
 A.  Timing. A motion for nunc pro tunc relief shall be filed by the juvenile with the clerk of courts in the court in which the alleged error occurred as soon as possible but no later than sixty days after the date that the error was made known.

 B.  Counsel. If alleged ineffective assistance of counsel is the basis for the motion, counsel is to withdraw pursuant to Rule 150(C) and the judge shall assign new counsel.

 C.  Contents of Motion. A motion for relief under this rule shall include:

   1)  the name of the juvenile and case docket number;

   2)  the location of the juvenile;

   3)  the delinquent act(s) for which the juvenile was adjudicated delinquent;

   4)  if ineffective assistance of counsel is alleged, the name of counsel who allegedly rendered ineffective assistance;

   5)  the relief requested;

   6)  a statement that one of the following requirements for the relief has been met:

     a)   there is a need for correction of an error to accurately reflect the court’s findings; or

     b)   allegations that:

       1)   the juvenile has been adjudicated delinquent and is under the court’s supervision;

       2)   there is a legitimate basis for the relief requested; and

       3)   there are sufficient facts upon which to conclude the delay was justified and should be overlooked in the interest of justice;

   7)  the facts supporting the grounds for relief and sufficient facts to support any delay in filing the motion for relief that:

     a)   appear in the record, and the place in the record where they appear; and

     b)   do not appear in the record, and an identification of any affidavits, documents, and other evidence showing such facts;

   8)  whether the grounds for the relief requested were raised before, and if so, at what stage of the proceedings;

   9)  a verification that the facts set forth in the motion are true and correct to the best of the movant’s personal knowledge or information and belief and that any false statements are made subject to the penalties of the Crimes Code, 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities;

   10)  if applicable, any request for an evidentiary hearing, including:

     a)   a signed certification by counsel as to each intended witness, stating the:

       i)   witness’s name;

       ii)   witness’s address;

       iii)   witness’s date of birth; and

       iv)   the substance of the witness’s testimony; and

     b)   any documents material to the witness’s testimony, attached to the motion; and

   11)  if applicable, any request for discovery.

 D.  Answer.

   1)  The Commonwealth may answer the motion. If the Commonwealth chooses to respond to the motion, such response shall:

     a)   be submitted within ten days of receipt of the motion; and

     b)   include a verification that the facts set forth in the answer are true and correct to the best of the attorney’s personal knowledge or information and belief and that any false statements are made subject to the penalties of the Crimes Code, 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities;

   2)  The court may order the Commonwealth to file an answer within a timeframe established by the court.

Comment
   A motion for relief under this rule is to be filed with the clerk of courts in the court in which the alleged error occurred. Rule 120 defines ‘‘court’’ as the Court of Common Pleas. See Rule 120. Because the court has continual supervision over a juvenile until court supervision is terminated pursuant to Rules 631 or 632, the juvenile court is the appropriate forum for such a motion.

   This process allows the juvenile court to accept late motions when there is a sufficient basis for the delay. See paragraph (C)(6) for requirement of the grounds for the motion. Because the court is providing relief nunc pro tunc, the requirements of 42 Pa.C.S. §  5505 do not apply. See City of Philadelphia Police Dep’t v. Civil Service Comm’n of City of Philadelphia, 702 A.2d 878 (Pa. Commw. Ct. 1997) (absent specific rule, only technical errors may be corrected after 30-day period); see also Justice v. Justice, 417 Pa. Super. 581, 612 A.2d 1354 (1992) (after a 30-day period the order can be opened or vacated if there is fraud or some other circumstance so grave or compelling as to constitute extraordinary cause which justifies intervention by the court); Com., Dep’t of Transp., Bureau of Driver Licensing v. Duncan, 144 Pa. Commw. 261, 601 A.2d 456 (1991) (after a 30-day period order can be opened or vacated upon extraordinary cause).

   Pursuant to paragraph (A), the motion is to be filed as soon as possible but no later than sixty days after the date the error was made known or discovered. It is best practice to file the motion within thirty days.

   Pursuant to paragraph (B), counsel is to remain in the case unless ineffective assistance of counsel is alleged. See Rule 150(B). If ineffective assistance of counsel is alleged, counsel is to withdraw and the court is to appoint new counsel. See Rule 150(C).

   Pursuant to paragraphs (C)(6) & (7), the juvenile is to aver the basis for relief and allege facts to support the grounds for the relief upon which the court may conclude the delay was justified and should be overlooked in the interest of justice.

   Second or subsequent motions will not be entertained unless a strong prima facie showing is offered to demonstrate that a miscarriage of justice may have occurred. See Commonwealth v. Szuchon, 534 Pa. 483, 633 A.2d 1098 (1993) (citing Commonwealth v. Lawson, 519 Pa. 504, 549 A.2d 107 (1988)). This standard is met if the juvenile can demonstrate either: 1) the proceedings resulting in the juvenile’s disposition were so unfair that a miscarriage of justice occurred which no civilized society can tolerate; or 2) the juvenile is innocent of the delinquent acts petitioned. See Szuchon, supra.

   Official Note

   Rule 622 adopted February 23, 2012, effective April 1, 2012.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 622 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 1214 (March 10, 2012).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 622 adopted February 23, 2012, effective April 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 1214.

Rule 625. Hearing and Findings on Motion for Nunc Pro Tunc Relief.
 A.  Hearing.

   1)  The judge may grant an evidentiary hearing to resolve material questions of fact.

   2)  The hearing shall be conducted as soon as possible but no later than thirty days after the filing of the motion for nunc pro tunc relief unless, upon good cause shown, the judge determines more time is necessary for investigation and preparation.

 B.  Grant with No Hearing. If sufficient facts exist in the record to warrant relief, the judge may grant the motion without a hearing. If the judge grants the motion, it shall be granted within thirty days of the filing of the motion unless an extension is granted.

 C.  Dismiss with No Hearing.

   1)  The judge shall give notice to the parties of the intention to dismiss the motion, stating the reasons for the dismissal in the notice upon conclusion that:

     a)   there are no genuine issues concerning any material fact;

     b)   the juvenile is not entitled to relief; or

     c)   no purpose would be served by any further proceedings.

   2)  The juvenile may respond to the proposed dismissal within twenty days of the date of the notice.

   3)  The judge thereafter shall order the motion dismissed, grant leave to file an amended motion, or direct that the proceedings continue.

   4)  The judge may dispose of only part of a motion without a hearing by ordering dismissal of or granting relief on only some of the issues raised, while ordering a hearing on other issues.

 D.  Findings. The judge shall:

   1)  state the findings and conclusions of law for all material issues raised:

     a)   on the record when there is a hearing; or

     b)   in the order when there is no hearing; and

   2)  issue an order denying relief or granting a specific form of relief, and issue any supplementary orders or modification of dispositional orders appropriate to the proper disposition of the case.

 E.  Dismissed by Operation of Law. If the judge fails to decide the motion or grant an extension within thirty days:

   1)  the motion shall be deemed denied by operation of law and not subject to reconsideration; and

   2)  the clerk of courts shall forthwith:

     a)   enter an order on behalf of the court; and

     b)   as provided pursuant to Rule 167, shall serve a copy of the order on each attorney and the juvenile, if the juvenile has waived counsel, that the motion is deemed denied.

 F.  Appellate Rights.

   1)  If the judge disposes of the case in open court at the conclusion of the hearing, the judge shall advise the juvenile on the record of the right to appeal from the final order disposing of the motion and of the time within which the appeal must be taken.

   2)  If the case is taken under advisement or the judge denies the motion without a hearing, the judge shall notify the juvenile of the right to appeal pursuant to Rule 628.

Comment
   The judge is permitted, pursuant to paragraph (C), to summarily dismiss a motion in certain cases. To determine whether a summary dismissal is appropriate, the judge should review the motion, the answer, if any, and all other relevant information included in the record. If, after this review, the judge determines that the motion is patently frivolous and without support in the record, or that the facts alleged would not, if proven, entitle the juvenile to relief, or that there are no genuine issues of fact, the judge may dismiss the motion.

   A summary dismissal would also be authorized under this rule if the judge determines that a previous motion involving the same issue or issues was filed and determined adversely to the juvenile. See Comment to Rule 622 for second or subsequent motions.

   Additionally, relief may be granted without a hearing pursuant to paragraph (D)(2) after an answer has been filed.

   Official Note

   Rule 625 adopted February 23, 2012, effective April 1, 2012.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 625 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 1214 (March 10, 2012).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 625 adopted February 23, 2012, effective April 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 1214.

Rule 628. Order of Court on Motion for Nunc Pro Tunc Relief.
 A.  Order by court. The court order shall:

   1)  state the judge’s findings and conclusions of law;

   2)  provide for appropriate relief and supplementary orders or modifications of the dispositional order as to:

     a)   the detention of the juvenile;

     b)   whether a new adjudicatory hearing is granted;

     c)   correction of the adjudication of delinquency;

     d)   correction of the disposition;

     e)   termination of court supervision; and/or

     f)   other matters that are appropriate.

   3)  include a statement explaining the right to appeal from the final order disposing of the motion, and of the time within which the appeal must be taken.

 B.  Order by clerk of courts for deemed denied by operation of law. When the clerk of courts has entered an order providing that the motion for nunc pro tunc relief is deemed denied by operation of law pursuant to Rule 625(E), the court order shall:

   1)  state that the motion is denied by operation of law pursuant to Rule 625(E); and

   2)  include a statement explaining the right to appeal from the final order disposing of the motion, and of the time within which the appeal must be taken.

   Official Note

   Rule 628 adopted February 23, 2012, effective April 1, 2012.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 628 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 1214 (March 10, 2012).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 628 adopted February 23, 2012, effective April 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 1214.

PART D. CESSATION OF COURT JURISDICTION OR SUPERVISION

Rule 630. Loss of Court Jurisdiction.
 When the juvenile has attained the age of twenty-one, the court shall enter an order terminating court supervision of the juvenile.

Comment
   The Juvenile Court has jurisdiction of a delinquent child if the child is under twenty-one years and committed an act of delinquency prior to reaching the age of eighteen. See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6302 and 6303.

   Official Note

   Rule 630 adopted February 26, 2008, effective April 1, 2008.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 630 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 1146 (March 8, 2008).

Rule 631. Termination of Court Supervision.
 A.  Notice. The juvenile probation officer shall promptly notify the court when the conditions of probation have been satisfied. The court shall decide if supervision should be terminated. The notice shall set forth:

   1)  The juvenile has completed the terms of the court’s dispositional order;

   2)  Restitution, fines, and costs have been paid in full; and

   3)  The juvenile has not committed any new offenses in which a criminal proceeding or proceeding governed by the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., may be commenced.

 B.  Objection. Any party may object to the notice under paragraph (A) and request a hearing. Such objection shall be made within thirty days of receipt of the notice; otherwise, objections are deemed waived.

 C.  Hearing. If objections have been made under paragraph (B), the court shall hold a hearing and give each party an opportunity to be heard before the court enters its final order.

 D.  Termination. When the requirements of paragraphs (A) through (C) have been met and the court is satisfied that the juvenile has carried out the terms of the dispositional order, the court may discharge the juvenile from its supervision.

Comment
   For procedures on filing and service of the notice under paragraph (A), see Rule 345. For procedures on the dispositional order, see Rule 515. See also, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6352.

   If the attorney for the Commonwealth objects pursuant to paragraph (B), the court is to conduct a hearing on the motion. The attorney for the Commonwealth or its designee is to notify the victim of the date, time, place, and purpose of the hearing conducted pursuant to paragraph (C). The victim may be present at the hearing and is to be afforded the opportunity to submit an oral and/or written victim-impact statement. See Rule 132 and the Victim’s Bill of Rights, 18 P. S. §  11.201 et seq.

   Any persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the hearing. See Rule 123 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333. However, nothing in these rules requires the attendance of the victim unless subpoenaed. If the victim is not present, the victim is to be notified of the final outcome of the proceeding.

   For collection of restitution, see 42 Pa.C.S. §  9728.

   See Rule 632 for early termination of court supervision by motion.

   Official Note

   Rule 613 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Renumbered Rule 631 and amended February 26, 2008, effective April 1, 2008. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 613 published with the Court’s Order at 35 Pa.B. 2214 (April 16, 2005).

   Final Report explaining the renumbering of 613 to 631 and amendments to Rule 631 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 1146 (March 8, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 631 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of Rule 631 amended February 26, 2008, effective April 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1146; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (357316) and (332739).

Rule 632. Early Termination of Court Supervision by Motion.
 A.  Motion. Any party may move for early termination of court supervision. The motion shall state with specificity why early termination is sought and why the requirements of Rule 631(A) have not been met.

 B.  Notice.

   1)  In addition to the service requirements of Rule 345, any party moving for early termination shall serve the motion on the juvenile probation officer.

   2)  The victim shall be provided notice of the motion for early termination of court supervision.

 C.  Objection.

   1)  A party or the juvenile probation officer may object to the motion under paragraph (A) and request a hearing.

   2)  Such objection shall be made within 30 days of the date of the motion; otherwise, objections are deemed waived.

 D.  Court’s Determination. The court shall:

   1)  rule on the motion and any objections without a hearing; or

   2)  schedule a hearing.

 E.  Hearing. If objections have been made pursuant to paragraph (C) or the court has determined a hearing is necessary, the court shall hold a hearing and give each party, the victim, and the juvenile probation officer an opportunity to be heard before the court enters its final order.

 F.  Termination. When the requirements of paragraphs (A) through (E) have been met and the court is satisfied that there is a compelling reason to discharge the juvenile prior to the completion of the requirements of Rule 631(A), the court may order an early discharge of the juvenile from its supervision.

Comment
   If a party has moved for early termination of court supervision of a juvenile pursuant to paragraph (A) or the court has scheduled a hearing pursuant to paragraph (E), the attorney for the Commonwealth or its designee is to notify the victim of the motion for early termination and/or the date, time, place, and purpose of the hearing.

   The victim may be present at the hearing and is to be afforded the opportunity to submit an oral and/or written victim-impact statement. See Rule 132 and the Victims Bill of Rights, 18 P.S. § §  11.201 et seq.

   For the submission of victim-impact statements by victims of personal injury crimes prior to the release or transfer of a juvenile from a placement facility, see Victims Bill of Rights, 18 P.S. §  11.201(8.1)(iii).

   Any persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the hearing. See Rule 123 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333. However, nothing in these rules requires the attendance of the victim unless subpoenaed. If the victim is not present, the victim is to be notified of the final outcome of the proceeding.

   For procedures on motions, see Rule 344. For filing and service requirements, see Rule 345.

   If all parties are in agreement with the termination, the court may terminate court supervision without a hearing.

   For procedures on the dispositional order, see Rule 515. See also, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6352. For collection of outstanding restitution regardless of court supervision status, see 42 Pa.C.S. §  9728.

   ‘‘Compelling reason,’’ as set forth in paragraph (F), should reflect consideration of the statutory goals of protection of the public interest in a manner best suited to the juvenile’s treatment, supervision, rehabilitation and welfare within the framework of balanced and restorative justice, which attends to: 1) the protection of the community; 2) the imposition of accountability for offenses committed; and 3) the development of competencies to enable the juvenile to become a responsible and productive member of the community. See In the Interest of D.C.D., 171 A.3d 727 (Pa. 2017); 42 Pa.C.S. §  6352(a). The court has broad discretion in weighing each goal as appropriate to the individual juvenile. See id. at 742.

   Official Note

   Rule 632 adopted February 26, 2008, effective April 1, 2008. Amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended October 22, 2021, effective April 1, 2022.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 632 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 1146 (March 8, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 632 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 3180 (June 25, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 632 published with the Court’s Order at 51 Pa.B. 6905 (November 6, 2021).

Source
   The provisions of Rule 632 adopted February 26, 2008, effective April 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1146; amended May 26, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 3180; amended October 22, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 6905. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (360645) to (360646).



























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter8/chap8toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 8. SUSPENSIONS
Rule


800.    Suspensions of Acts of Assembly.
Rule 800. Suspensions of Acts of Assembly.
 This rule provides for the suspension of the following Acts of Assembly that apply to delinquency proceedings only:

   1)  The Act of November 21, 1990, P. L. 588, No. 138, §  1, 42 Pa.C.S. §  8934, which authorizes the sealing of search warrant affidavits, and which is implemented by Pa.R.Crim.P. Rule 211, through Pa.R.J.C.P. Rule 105, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Pa.R.Crim.P. Rules 205, 206 and 211.

   2)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335(c), which provides for the issuance of arrest warrants if the juvenile may abscond or may not attend or be brought to a hearing, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rules 124, 140, and 364, which require a summoned person to fail to appear and the court to find that sufficient notice was given.

   3)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6336(c), which provides that if a proceeding is not recorded, full minutes shall be kept by the court, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 127(A), which requires all proceedings to be recorded, except for detention hearings.

   4)  The Public Defender Act, Act of December 2, 1968, P. L. 1144, No. 358, §  1 et seq. as amended through Act of December 10, 1974, P. L. 830, No. 277, §  1, 16 P. S. 9960.1 et seq., which requires the Public Defender to represent all juveniles who for lack of sufficient funds are unable to employ counsel is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rules 150 and 151, which require separate counsel if there is a conflict of interest.

   5)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6337, which provides that counsel must be provided unless the guardian is present and waives counsel for the juvenile, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 152, which does not allow a guardian to waive the juvenile’s right to counsel.

   6)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6305(b), which provides that the court may direct hearings in any case or class or cases be conducted by the juvenile court hearing officer, formerly known as a ‘‘master,’’ is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 187, which allows juvenile court hearing officers to hear only specific classes of cases.

   7)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6321, which provides for commencement of a proceeding by the filing of a petition, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 200, which provides the submission of a written allegation shall commence a proceeding.

   8)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6303(b), which provides that a district judge or judge of the minor judiciary may not detain a juvenile, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 210, which allows Magisterial District Judges to issue an arrest warrant, which may lead to detention in limited circumstances.

   9)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6334, which provides that any person may bring a petition, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rules 231, 233, and 330, which provide for a person other than a law enforcement officer to submit a private written allegation to the juvenile probation office or an attorney for the Commonwealth, if elected for approval; and that only a juvenile probation officer or attorney for the Commonwealth may file a petition.

   10)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6304(a)(2), which provides that juvenile probation officers may receive and examine complaints for the purposes of commencing proceedings, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rules 231 and 330, which provide that the District Attorney may file a certification that requires an attorney for the Commonwealth to initially receive and approve written allegations and petitions.

   11)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6331, which provides for the filing of a petition with the court within twenty four hours or the next business day of the admission of the juvenile to detention or shelter care, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with the filing of a petition within twenty-four hours or the next business day from the detention hearing if the juvenile is detained under Rule 242.

   12)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6336(b), which provides that the district attorney, upon request of the court, shall present the evidence in support of the petition and otherwise conduct the proceedings on behalf of the Commonwealth, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rules 242(B)(1)(b), 406(A)(2)(b), and 512(A), which provide the district attorney shall present the evidence in support of the petition and otherwise conduct the proceedings on behalf of the Commonwealth.

   13)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6323(a)(2), which provides that a delinquent child may be referred for an informal adjustment by a juvenile probation officer, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 312, which provides that only an alleged delinquent child may be referred for an informal adjustment because the filing of informal adjustment shall occur prior to the filing of a petition.

   14)  Section 5720 of the Wiretapping and Electronic Surveillance Control Act, Act of October 4, 1978, P. L. 831, No. 164, 18 Pa.C.S. §  5720, is suspended as inconsistent with Rule 340 only insofar as the section may delay disclosure to a juvenile seeking discovery under Rule 340(B)(6); and Section 5721(b) of the Act, 18 Pa.C.S. §  5721(b), is suspended only insofar as the time frame for making a motion to suppress is concerned, as inconsistent with Rules 347 and 350.

   15)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6340(c), which provides consent decree shall remain in force for six months unless the child is discharged sooner by probation services with the approval of the court, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with the requirement of Rule 373 that a motion for early discharge is to be made to the court.

   16)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335, which provides for a hearing within ten days of the juvenile’s detention unless the exceptions of (a)(1) & (2) or (f) are met, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 391, which provides for an additional ten days of detention if a notice of intent for transfer to criminal proceedings has been filed.

   17)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6355(g), which provides the burden of establishing by a preponderance of evidence that the public interest is served by the transfer of the case to criminal court and that a child is not amenable to treatment, supervision, or rehabilitation as a juvenile shall rest with the Commonwealth unless the exceptions of paragraphs (g)(1) and (2) apply, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 394, which provides only the burden of establishing by a preponderance of the evidence that the public interest is served by the transfer of the case to criminal court shall rest with the Commonwealth unless the exceptions of paragraph (g)(1) and (2) apply.

   18)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6353(a), which requires dispositional review hearings to be held at least every nine months when a juvenile is removed from the home, is suspended only insofar as it is inconsistent with the requirement of Rule 610, which requires dispositional review hearings to be held at least every six months.

Comment
   The authority for suspension of Acts of Assembly is granted to the Supreme Court by Article V §  10(c) of the Pennsylvania Constitution. See also Rule 102.

   The partial suspension of 42 Pa.C.S. §  6355(g) in paragraph (17) is due to the redundancy of proving the juvenile is not amenable to treatment, supervision, and rehabilitation, which is a factor already considered by the court in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6355(a)(4)(iii)(G). Pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6355(a)(4)(iii)(G), the court must find that there are reasonable grounds to believe that the public interest is served by the transfer of the case for criminal prosecution while considering whether the juvenile is amenable to treatment, supervision, and rehabilitation among other enumerated factors. Because the court considers amenability to treatment, supervision, and rehabilitation as one of many enumerated factors, the court does not need to hear additional evidence later in the proceedings. As provided in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6355(a)(4)(iii)(G), the standard of proof is reasonable grounds.

   Official Note

   Rule 800 adopted April 1, 2005, effective October 1, 2005. Amended December 30, 2005, effective immediately. Amended March 23, 2007, effective August 1, 2007. Amended February 26, 2008, effective June 1, 2008. Amended March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009. Amended February 12, 2010, effective immediately. Amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended July 18, 2012, effective October 1, 2012. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 800 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 186 (January 14, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 800 published with the Court’s Order at 37 Pa.B. 1483 (April 7, 2007).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 800 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 1142 (March 8, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 800 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 1614 (April 4, 2009).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 800 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 1073 (February 27, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 800 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2319 (May 7, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 800 published with the Court’s Order at 42 Pa.B. 4909 (August 4, 2012).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 800 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 800 amended December 30, 2005, effective immediately, 36 Pa.B. 186; amended March 23, 2007, effective August 1, 2007, 37 Pa.B. 1483; amended February 26, 2008, effective June 1, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 1142; amended March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 1614; amended February 12, 2010, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 1073; amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended July 18, 2012, effective October 1, 2012, 42 Pa.B. 4909; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (363293) to (363296).























~
Subpart B. DEPENDENCY MATTERS

Chap.	Sec.

11. GENERAL PROVISIONS…1100   
12. COMMENCEMENT OF PROCEEDINGS, EMERGENCY, CUSTODY, AND PRE-ADJUDICATORY PLACEMENT…1200   
13. PRE-ADJUDICATORY PROCEDURES…1300   
14. ADJUDICATORY HEARING…1400   
15. DISPOSITIONAL HEARING…1500   
16. POST-DISPOSITIONAL PROCEDURES…1600   
17. AGGRAVATED CIRCUMSTANCES…1700   
18. SUSPENSIONS…1800    
Source
   The provisions of this Part B adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007, 36 Pa.B. 5571, unless otherwise noted.
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/subpartIBtoc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02










~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter11/chap11toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 11. GENERAL PROVISIONS
Rule


1100.    Scope of Rules.
1101.    Purpose, Application, and Construction of Rules.
1102.    Citing the Juvenile Court Procedural Rules.
PART A. BUSINESS OF COURTS

1120.    Definitions.
1121.    Local Rules.
1122.    Continuances.
1123.    Subpoenas.
1124.    Summons.
1126.    Defects in Form, Content, or Procedure.
1127.    Recording and Transcribing Juvenile Court Proceedings.
1128.    Presence at Proceedings.
1129.    Appearance by Advanced Communication Technology.
1130.    Court Fees Prohibited for Advanced Communication Technology.
1133.    Motion to Intervene.
1134.    Proceedings in Camera.
1135.    Captions.
1136.    Ex Parte Communication.
1137.    Public Discussion by Court Personnel of Pending Matters.
1138.    Citation of Authorities.
1140.    Bench Warrants for Failure to Appear.
PART B(1). EDUCATION AND HEALTH OF CHILD

1145.    Application or Motion for Examination and Treatment of a Child.
1146.    Notice of Truancy Hearing.
1147.    Educational Decision Maker.
1148.    Educational Stability and Placement.
1149.    Family Finding.
PART B(2). COUNSEL

1150.    Attorneys—Appearances and Withdrawals.
1151.    Assignment of Guardian Ad Litem and Counsel.
1152.    Waiver of Counsel.
1154.    Duties of Guardian Ad Litem.
1158.    Assignment of Court Appointed Special Advocates.
PART C. RECORDS
PART C(1). ACCESS TO JUVENILE COURT RECORDS

1160.    Inspection of the Official Court Record.
PART C(2). MAINTAINING RECORDS

1165.    Design of Forms.
1166.    Maintaining Records in the Clerk of Courts.
1167.    Filings and Service of Court Orders and Notices.
PART D. JUVENILE COURT HEARING OFFICERS

1182.    Qualifications of Juvenile Court Hearing Officer.
1185.    Appointment to Cases.
1187.    Authority of Juvenile Court Hearing Officer.
1190.    Stipulations Before Juvenile Court Hearing Officer.
1191.    Juvenile Court Hearing Officer’s Findings and Recommendation to the Judge.
Rule 1100. Scope of Rules.
 A.  These rules shall govern dependency proceedings in all courts. Unless otherwise specifically provided, these rules shall not apply to orphans’ court, domestic relations and delinquency proceedings.

 B.  Each of the courts exercising dependency jurisdiction, as provided in the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., may adopt local rules of procedure in accordance with Rule 1121.

Comment
   The Pennsylvania Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure are split into two categories: delinquency matters and dependency matters. All delinquency matters are governed by Chapters One through Ten (Rules 100—1099). All dependency matters are governed by Chapters Eleven through Twenty (Rules 1100—2099).

   Unless specifically provided in these rules, the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure and the Pennsylvania Rules of Criminal Procedure do not apply to dependency proceedings commenced pursuant to rule 1200 and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq.

   These rules govern proceedings when the Juvenile Act vests jurisdiction in the Court of Common Pleas. See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6321 and 6302.

   Each judicial district may promulgate local rules that follow the requirements of Rule 1121 and Pa.R.J.A. 103.

   Official Note

   Rule 1100 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended May 12, 2008, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1100 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1100 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 2360 (May 24, 2008).

Source
   The provisions this Rule 1100 amended May 12, 2008, effective May 12, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 2360. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (326038).

Rule 1101. Purpose, Application, and Construction of Rules.
 (a)  Purpose. These rules are intended to provide for the just determination of every dependency proceeding and effectuate the purposes stated in the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301(b).

 (b)  Application. These rules establish uniform practice and procedure for courts exercising jurisdiction as provided in the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6301 et seq., and shall be applied to secure uniformity and simplicity in procedure, fairness in administration, and the elimination of unjustifiable expense and delay.

 (c)  Construction. In the construction of Pennsylvania Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure, the principles set forth in Pa.R.J.A. 104 to 115 shall be observed.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1101 amended November 3, 2023, effective January 1, 2024, 53 Pa.B. 7165. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (387383).

Rule 1102. Citing the Juvenile Court Procedural Rules.
 All juvenile court procedural rules adopted by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania under the authority of Article V §  10(c) of the Constitution of Pennsylvania, adopted April 23, 1968, shall be known as the Pennsylvania Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure and shall be cited as ‘‘Pa.R.J.C.P.’’

Comment
   The authority for rule-making is granted to the Supreme Court by Article V §  10(c) of the Pennsylvania Constitution, which states in part, ‘‘[t]he Supreme Court shall have the power to prescribe general rules governing practice, procedure and the conduct of all courts . . . if such rules are consistent with this Constitution and neither abridge, enlarge nor modify the substantive rights of any litigant, nor affect the right of the General Assembly to determine the jurisdiction of any court or justice of the peace, nor suspend nor alter any statute of limitation or repose. All laws shall be suspended to the extent that they are inconsistent with rules prescribed under these provisions.’’

   Official Note

   Rule 1102 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1102 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

PART A. BUSINESS OF COURTS

Rule 1120. Definitions.
 ADULT is any person, other than a child, eighteen years old or older.

 ADVANCED COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGY is any communication equipment that is used as a link between parties in physically separate locations and includes, but is not limited to, systems providing for two-way simultaneous audio-visual communication, closed circuit television, telephone and facsimile equipment, and electronic mail.

 AGE-APPROPRIATE OR DEVELOPMENTALLY-APPROPRIATE is used to describe the: 1) activities or items that are generally accepted as suitable for children of the same chronological age or level of maturity or that are determined to be developmentally appropriate for a child, based on the development of cognitive, emotional, physical, and behavioral capacities that are typical for an age or age group; or 2) in the case of a specific child, activities or items that are suitable based on the developmental stages attained by the child with respect to the cognitive, emotional, physical, and behavioral capacities of the child.

 AGGRAVATED CIRCUMSTANCES are those circumstances specifically defined pursuant to the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302.

 CAREGIVER is a person with whom the child is placed in an out-of-home placement, including a resource family or individual designated by a county agency or private agency. The resource family is the caregiver for any child placed with them.

 CHILD is a person who:

  1) is under the age of eighteen and is the subject of the dependency petition; or

   2)  is under the age of twenty-one; and

     a)   was adjudicated dependent before reaching the age of eighteen;

     b)   has requested the court to retain jurisdiction; and

     c)   who remains under the jurisdiction of the court or for whom jurisdiction has been resumed as a dependent child because the court has determined that the child is one of the following:

       i)   completing secondary education or an equivalent credential;

       ii)   enrolled in an institution which provides postsecondary or vocational education;

       iii)   participating in a program actively designed to promote or remove barriers to employment;

       iv)   employed for at least eighty hours per month; or

       v)   incapable of doing any of the activities as prescribed above in (2)(c)(i)—(iv) due to a medical or behavioral health condition, which is supported by regularly updated information in the permanency plan for the child.

 CLERK OF COURTS is that official in each judicial district who has the responsibility and function under state law or local practice to maintain the official court record and docket, without regard to that person’s official title. A party to the proceedings shall not function as the clerk of courts.

 COPY is an exact duplicate of an original document, including any required signatures, produced through mechanical or electronic means and includes, but is not limited to, copies reproduced by transmission using facsimile equipment, or by scanning into and printing out of a computer.

 COUNTY AGENCY is the county children and youth social service agency established pursuant to the County Institution District Law, 62 P.S. §  2305 (1937) or established through the county commissioners in the judicial districts where the County Institution District Law was abolished, 16 P.S. § §  2161 and 2168, and supervised by the Department of Public Welfare pursuant to the Public Welfare Code, 62 P.S. §  901 et seq.

 COURT is the Court of Common Pleas, a court of record, which is assigned to hear dependency matters. Court shall include juvenile court hearing officers when they are permitted to hear cases under these rules. Juvenile court shall have the same meaning as court.

 DILIGENT EFFORTS are the comprehensive and ongoing efforts made to identify and locate adult relatives and kin for a child until the permanency goal is achieved.

 EDUCATIONAL DECISION MAKER is a responsible adult appointed by the court to make decisions regarding a child’s education when the child has no guardian or the court has limited the guardian’s right to make such decisions for the child. The educational decision maker acts as the child’s representative concerning all matters regarding education unless the court specifically limits the authority of the educational decision maker.

 FAMILY FINDING is the ongoing diligent efforts of the county agency, or its contracted providers, to search for and identify adult relatives and kin, and engage them in the county agency’s social service planning and delivery of services, including gaining commitment from relatives and kin to support a child or guardian receiving county agency services.

 FAMILY SERVICE PLAN is the document in which the county agency sets forth the service objectives for a family and services to be provided to a family by the county agency.

 GUARDIAN is any parent, custodian, or other person who has legal custody of a child, or person designated by the court to be a temporary guardian for purposes of a proceeding.

 HEALTH CARE is care related to any medical need including physical, mental, and dental health. This term is used in the broadest sense to include any type of health need.

 INDIAN CHILD is any unmarried person who is under the age of eighteen and is either 1) a member of an Indian tribe or 2) eligible for membership in an Indian tribe and is the biological child of a member of an Indian tribe.

 JUDGE is a judge of the Court of Common Pleas.

 JUVENILE COURT HEARING OFFICER is an attorney with delegated authority to preside over and make recommendations for dependency matters. Juvenile court hearing officer has the same meaning as master as used pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq.

 JUVENILE PROBATION OFFICER is a person who has been appointed by the court or employed by a county’s juvenile probation office, and who has been properly commissioned by being sworn in as an officer of the court to exercise the powers and duties set forth in Rule 195, the Juvenile Act, and the Child Protective Services Law.

 KIN is a relative of the child through blood or marriage, godparent of the child as recognized through an organized church, a member of the child’s tribe or clan, or someone who has a significant positive relationship with the child or the child’s family.

 KINSHIP CARE is the full-time nurturing and protection of a child who is separated from the child’s guardian and placed in the home of a caregiver who has an existing relationship with the child and/or the child’s family.

 LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER is any person who is by law given the power to enforce the law when acting within the scope of that person’s employment.

 MEDICAL FACILITY is any hospital, urgent care facility, psychiatric or psychological ward, drug and alcohol detoxification or rehabilitation program, or any other similar facility designed to treat a child medically or psychologically.

 MINOR is any person under the age of eighteen.

 OFFICIAL COURT RECORD is the juvenile court file maintained by the clerk of courts which contains all court orders, court notices, docket entries, filed documents, evidence admitted into the record, and other court designated documents in each case.

 PARTY is a person or the county agency who has standing to participate in the proceedings but nothing in these Rules confers standing upon a person.

 PERMANENCY PLAN is a comprehensive plan that will result in a permanent home for the child.

 PETITION is a formal document by which a child is alleged to be dependent.

 PETITIONER is any person, who signs or verifies, and files a petition.

 POLICE OFFICER is any person, who is by law given the power to arrest when acting within the scope of that person’s employment.

 PROCEEDING is any stage in the dependency process occurring once a shelter care application has been submitted or a petition has been filed.

 PROTECTIVE CUSTODY is when a child is taken into custody for protection as an alleged dependent child pursuant to the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq. or custody may be assumed pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  6315.

 REASONABLE AND PRUDENT PARENT STANDARD is the standard, characterized by careful and sensible parental decisions that maintain the health, safety, and best interests of a child while encouraging the emotional and developmental growth of the child, that a caregiver must use when determining whether to allow a child to participate in extracurricular, enrichment, cultural, and social activities.

 RECORDING is the means to provide a verbatim account of a proceeding through the use of a court stenographer, audio recording, audio-visual recording, or other appropriate means.

 SHELTER CARE FACILITY is a physically unrestricted facility that provides temporary care of a child and is approved by the Department of Public Welfare.

 VERIFICATION is a written statement made by a person that the information provided is true and correct to that person’s personal knowledge, information, or belief and that any false statements are subject to the penalties of the Crimes Code, 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities.

Comment:
   In 2013, the definition of ‘‘child’’ was expanded to include those children who have requested the court to resume jurisdiction after juvenile court supervision had been previously terminated. This rule change followed the changes to the definition of ‘‘child’’ in the Juvenile Act pursuant to Act of July 5, 2012 (P.L. 880, No. 91). See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302.

   A party to the proceedings is not to function as the clerk of courts. Because the clerk of courts maintains the official court record, this person is to remain neutral and unbiased by having no personal connection to the proceedings. The county agency is a party to the proceeding and is not to function as the ‘‘Clerk of Courts.’’

   The definition of ‘‘Clerk of Courts’’ should not necessarily be interpreted to mean the office of clerk of courts as set forth in 42 Pa.C.S. §  102, but instead refers to that official who maintains the official court record and docket regardless of the person’s official title in each judicial district. It is to be determined locally which official is to maintain these records and the associated docket.

   The county institution districts, as used in the definition of ‘‘county agency,’’ in counties of the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth classes were abolished pursuant to 16 P.S. §  2161. It is the county commissioners’ duties in the counties of those classes to provide the children and youth social service agency with the necessary services for the agency to provide care for the child. See 16 P.S. §  2168.

   Under the term ‘‘court,’’ to determine if juvenile court hearing officers are permitted to hear cases, see Rule 1187.

   An ‘‘educational decision maker’’ is to be appointed by court order. The scope of the appointment is limited to decisions regarding the child’s education. The educational decision maker acts as the child’s spokesperson on all matters regarding education unless the court specifically limits the authority of the educational decision maker. The educational decision maker holds educational and privacy rights as the child’s guardian for purposes of 20 U.S.C. §  1232g and 34 C.F.R. §  99.3. See also Rule 1147(C) for the duties and responsibilities of an educational decision maker.

   The definition of ‘‘family finding’’ is derived from 67 Pa.C.S. §  7502.

   Diligence is to include utilizing reasonable resources available when engaging in family finding, never ceasing efforts until multiple relatives and kin are identified, and going beyond basic searching tools by exploring alternative tools and methodologies. ‘‘Diligent efforts’’ is to include, but not limited to, interviews with immediate and extended family and kin, genograms, eco-mapping, case mining, cold calls, and specialized computer searches.

   It is insufficient to complete only a basic computer search or attempt to contact known relatives at a last-known address or phone number.

   For multiple resources efforts that may be utilized, see Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Department of Public Welfare, Office of Children, Youth and Families Bulletin, No. 3130-12-03, issued May 11, 2012, effective July 1, 2013; Seneca Family Finding, which may be found at www.familyfinding.org, or Legal Services Initiative, diligent search packet, Statewide Adoption and Permanency Network, which may be found at www.diakon-swan.org.

   Supporting a child under the definition of ‘‘family finding’’ means any type of aid, including but not limited to emotional, financial, physical, or psychological aid.

   See also 67 Pa.C.S. § §  7501 et seq. and 42 U.S.C. §  675 (Fostering Connections) to comply with state and federal regulations.

   For the family service plan, see 55 Pa. Code §  3130.61.

   ‘‘Health care’’ includes, but is not limited to, routine physical check-ups and examinations; emergency health care; surgeries; exploratory testing; psychological exams, counseling, therapy and treatment programs; drug and alcohol treatment; support groups; routine eye examinations and procedures; teeth cleanings, fluoride treatments, fillings, preventative dental treatments, root canals, and other dental surgeries; and any other examination or treatment relating to any physical, mental, and dental needs of the child.

   The definition for ‘‘Indian Child’’ originates from the Indian Child Welfare Act, 25 U.S.C. § §  1901 et seq., and the Bureau of Indian Affairs regulations, 25 C.F.R. §  23.2.

   A ‘‘juvenile probation officer’’ is an officer of the court. ‘‘Properly commissioned’’ as used in the definition of a juvenile probation officer includes the swearing in under oath or affirmation and receipt of a document, certificate, or order of the court memorializing the authority conferred upon the juvenile probation officer by the court.

   A properly commissioned juvenile probation officer is vested with all the powers and duties set forth in 42 Pa.C.S. §  6304, and the power to take a child into protective custody as a duly authorized officer of the court pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6324 unless the President Judge has limited such authority pursuant to Rule 195. See also 23 Pa.C.S. §  6315.

   The definition of ‘‘law enforcement officer’’ does not give the power of arrest to any person who is not otherwise given that power by law.

   The ‘‘official court record’’ is to contain all court orders, court notices, docket entries, filed documents, evidence admitted into the record, and other court designated documents in each case. The court may also designate any document to be a part of the record. It does not include items contained in county agency’s records unless they are made a part of the official record by being filed with the clerk of courts.

   The term ‘‘petitioner’’ may include any person; however, if the person is not the county agency, an application to file a petition pursuant to Rule 1320 is to be made. If the court, after a hearing, grants the application, the applicant may file a petition.

   The definition of ‘‘proceeding’’ includes all formal stages once a shelter care application has been submitted or a petition has been filed, including all subsequent proceedings until supervision is terminated pursuant to Rule 1613.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1120 amended March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 1614; amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended May 20, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2839; amended June 24, 2013, effective January 1, 2014, 43 Pa.B. 3941; amended October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6658; amended July 28, 2014, effective September 29, 2014, 44 Pa.B. 5447; amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended December 9, 2015, effective January 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7289; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313; amended November 30, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7632; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791; amended December 23, 2024, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 244. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (417124), (387385) to (387386) and (414835) to (414836).

Rule 1121. Local Rules.
 The requirements for the promulgation and amendment of local procedural rules for dependency proceedings are set forth in Pennsylvania Rule of Judicial Administration 103(d).

Comment
   Effective August 1, 2016, Pennsylvania Rule of Judicial Administration 103 was amended to consolidate and include all local rulemaking requirements. Accordingly, the rulemaking requirements under Pa.R.J.C.P. 1121 for the promulgation and amendment of local procedural rules for dependency proceedings were rescinded and replaced. All local rules previously promulgated in accordance with the requirements of Pa.R.J.C.P. 1121 prior to rescission of this rule remain effective upon compilation and publication pursuant to Pa.R.J.A. No. 103(d)(7).

   Official Note

   Rule 1121 adopted August, 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended December 12, 2008, effective immediately. Amended January 11, 2010, effective March 1, 2010. Rescinded and replaced June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1121 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1121 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 7080 (December 27, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1121 published with the Courts Order at 40 Pa.B. 518 (January 23, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the rescission and replacement of Rule 1121 published with the Court’s Order at 46 Pa.B. 3808 (July 16, 2016).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1121 amended December 12, 2008, effective immediately, 38 Pa.B. 7080; amended January 11, 2010, effective March 1, 2010, 40 Pa.B. 518; rescinded and replaced June 28, 2016, effective August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3808. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (379797) and (347951) to (347953).

Rule 1122. Continuances.
 A.  Generally. In the interests of justice, the court may grant a continuance on its own motion or the motion of any party. On the record, the court shall identify the moving party and state its reasons for granting or denying the continuance.

 B.  Notice and rescheduling. If a continuance is granted, all persons summoned to appear shall be notified of the date, place, and time of the rescheduled hearing.

Comment
   Whenever possible, continuances should not be granted when they could be deleterious to the safety or well-being of a party. The interests of justice require the court to look at all the circumstances, effectuating the purposes of the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301, in determining whether a continuance is appropriate.

   A party seeking a continuance should notify the court and opposing counsel as soon as possible. Whenever possible, given the time constraints, notice should be written.

   Under paragraph (B), if a person is summoned to appear and the case is continued, the party is presumed to be under the scope of the original summons and a new summons is not necessary.

   See Rules 1344 and 1345 for motion and filing procedures.

   See In re Anita H., 351 Pa. Super. 342, 505 A.2d 1014 (1986).

   Official Note

   Rule 1122 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1122 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1123. Subpoenas.
 A.  Contents. A subpoena in a dependency case shall:

   1)  order the witness named to appear before the court at the date, time, and place specified;

   2)  order the witness to bring any items identified or described;

   3)  state on whose behalf the witness is being ordered to testify; and

   4)  state the identity, address, and phone number of the person who applied for the subpoena.

 B. Service.

   1)  Method of Service. A subpoena shall be served upon a witness by:

     a)   in-person delivery;

     b)   registered or certified mail, return receipt requested; or

     c)   first-class mail.

 C. Duration. A subpoena shall remain in force until the end of a proceeding.

 D. Bench Warrant. If any subpoenaed person fails to appear for the hearing and the court finds that sufficient notice was given, the judge may issue a bench warrant pursuant to Rule 1140.

 E.  Parental notification.

   1)  Generally. If a witness is a minor, the witness’s guardian shall be

     a)   notified that the minor has been subpoenaed; and

     b)   provided with a copy of the subpoena.

   2)  Exception. Upon prior court approval and good cause shown, a subpoena may be served upon a minor without such notification to the guardian. If and when necessary, request for such prior court approval may be obtained ex parte.

Comment
   A subpoena is used to order a witness to appear and a summons is issued to bring a party to the proceeding.

   A subpoena duces tecum is to set forth with particularity, the documents, records, or other papers to be produced at the hearing. The items sought are to be relevant to the proceedings. See Rule 1340 on discovery, In re J.C., 412 Pa. Super. 369, 603 A.2d 627 (1992), and In re A.H., 763 A.2d 873 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2000) for production of documents necessary to prepare for a hearing.

   Prior to issuing a bench warrant for a minor, the judge should determine if the guardian of the witness was served. Nothing in these rules gives the guardians of witnesses legal standing in the matter being heard by the court or creates a right for witnesses to have their guardians present. In addition, lack of required notice to the guardian does not prevent the minor witness from testifying. See Rule 1140 for procedures on bench warrants.

   For power to compel attendance, see 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333. Nothing in this rule prohibits the court from holding a contempt hearing. See In re Crawford, 360 Pa. Super. 36, 519 A.2d 978 (1987) for punishment of contempt (children). See also In re Griffin, 456 Pa. Super. 440, 690 A.2d 1192 (1997) (foster parents), Janet D. v. Carros, 240 Pa. Super. 291, 362 A.2d 1060 (1976) (county agency), and In re Rose, 161 Pa. Super. 204, 54 A.2d 297 (1947) (parents) for additional guidance on contempt for other parties.

   Any person may file a motion to quash the subpoena for a witness and/or for requested items. The court is to rule on the motion prior to the production of the witness or the items.

   Official Note

   Rule 1123 adopted August, 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended May 12, 2008, effective immediately. Amended March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009. Amended September 16, 2009, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1123 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1123 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 2360 (May 24, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1123 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 1614 (April 4, 2009).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1123 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 5544 (September 26, 2009).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1123 amended May 12, 2008, effective May 12, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 2360; amended March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 1614; amended September 25, 2009, effective immediately, 39 Pa.B. 5544. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (342559) to (342560).

Rule 1124. Summons.
 A)  Requirements of the summons. The summons shall:

   1)  be in writing;

   2)  set forth the date, time, and place of the hearing;

   3)  instruct the parties about the right to counsel; and

   4)  give a warning stating that the failure to appear for the hearing may result in arrest.

 B)  Method of Service. The summons shall be served:

   1)  in-person; or

   2)  by certified mail, return receipt and first-class mail.

 C)  Exception to service. If service cannot be accomplished pursuant to paragraph (B), the party may move for a special order directing the method of service. The motion shall be accompanied by an affidavit stating the nature and extent of the investigation which has been made to determine the whereabouts of the person sought to be served and the reasons why service cannot be made.

 D)  Bench Warrant. If any summoned person fails to appear for the hearing and the court finds that sufficient notice was given, the judge may issue a bench warrant pursuant to Rule 1140.

Comment
   A subpoena is used to order a witness to appear and a summons is issued to bring a party to the proceeding.

   In paragraph (D), this rule provides that a summoned person is to fail to appear and the court is to find that sufficient notice was given before a bench warrant may be issued. The Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335(c), which provides for the issuance of arrest warrants if the child may abscond or may not attend or be brought to a hearing, is suspended to the extent that it conflicts with this rule. See Rule 1800 for suspensions.

   See Rules 1360(A), 1500(A), and 1600(A) for service of the parties for a proceeding.

   See Rule 1140 for procedures on bench warrants.

   Official Note

   Rule 1124 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1124 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1124 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 1619 (April 4, 2009).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1124 amended March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 1614. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (341086) and (326045).

Rule 1126. Defects in Form, Content, or Procedure.
 A child shall not be released, nor shall a case be dismissed, because of a defect in the form or content of the pleading or a defect in the procedures of these rules, unless the party raises the defect prior to the commencement of the adjudicatory hearing, and the defect is prejudicial to the rights of a party.

Comment
   A petition, emergency custody authorization form, shelter care application, or warrant may be amended at any time to remedy any defect in form or content. The court may also issue another remedy as interests of justice require. Nothing in this rule is to prevent the filing of a new emergency custody authorization form, a new or amended petition, or the reissuance of process.

   Official Note

   Rule 1126 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1126 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1127. Recording and Transcribing Juvenile Court Proceedings.
 A.  Recording. There shall be a recording of all dependency proceedings, including proceedings conducted by juvenile court hearing officers, except as provided in Rule 1242(B)(2).

 B.  Transcribing. The transcript shall be requested in accordance with Pa.R.J.A. No. 4007.

 C.  Correcting or Modifying. At any time before an appeal is taken, the transcript may be corrected, and the record may be corrected or modified, in the same manner as is provided by Pa.R.A.P. 1922(c) and Pa.R.A.P. 1926, respectively.

Comment
   Some form of record or transcript is necessary to permit meaningful consideration of claims of error and effective appellate review. In re J.H., 788 A.2d 1006 (Pa. Super. 2001). See, e.g., Pa.R.A.P. 1922, 1923, 1924; Commonwealth v. Fields, 387 A.2d 83 (Pa. 1978); Cmmonwealth v. Shields, 383 A.2d 844 (Pa. 1978). This rule is intended to provide a mechanism to ensure appropriate recording and transcribing of court proceedings. Pursuant to Rule 1800, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6336(c) was suspended only to the extent that all proceedings are to be recorded, except as provided in Rule 1242(B)(2). Full minutes are not recordings. This change was to effectuate effective appellate review.

   The rule is intended to apply to all dependency proceedings and to ensure all proceedings are recorded, including proceedings before juvenile court hearing officers, except for shelter care hearings.

   Paragraph (B) is not intended to preclude the court from ordering a transcript in the absence of a request.

   Paragraph (C) provides a method for correcting transcripts and correcting or modifying the record before an appeal is taken by incorporating Pa.R.A.P. 1922(c) and Pa.R.A.P. 1926, which otherwise apply only after an appeal has been taken.

   Official Note

   Rule 1127 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017. Amended August 3, 2020; effective October 1, 2020.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1127 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1127 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1127 published with the Court’s Order at 50 Pa.B. 4128 (August 15, 2020).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1127 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313; amended August 3, 2020, effective October 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 4128. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (387393).

Rule 1128. Presence at Proceedings.
 A)  General Rule. All parties, including the child, shall be present at any proceeding unless the exceptions of paragraph (B) apply.

 B)  Exceptions.

   1)  Absence from Proceedings. The court may proceed in the absence of a party upon good cause shown except that in no case shall a hearing occur in the absence of a child’s attorney. If a child has a guardian ad litem and legal counsel, both attorneys shall be present.

   2)  Exclusion from Proceedings. A party may be excluded from a proceeding only for good cause shown. If a party is so excluded, counsel for the party shall be permitted to be present.

 C)  Advanced Communication Technology. A child or guardian may appear by utilizing advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 1129.

 D)  Court-Ordered Appearance. The court may order any person having the physical custody or control of a child to bring the child to any proceeding.

Comment
   In no case is a proceeding to occur in the absence of the child’s attorney. The court has discretion whether to proceed if the court finds that a party received proper notice of the hearing and has willfully failed to appear.

   Requiring the child’s attorney to be present pursuant to paragraph (B)(2) protects the child’s interest if the proceeding is conducted in the child’s absence. However, unless good cause is shown by individual circumstances, a child should be present in court. See also Pa.R.J.C.P. 1129(A)(2) (child shall appear in person at least every six months unless presence is excused). It is important that all children, including infants, appear in court so the court can observe the interaction between the caregiver and child and observe the child’s development and health. Because a child may feel uncomfortable while attending proceedings, the court should take measures to ensure that the child understands the courtroom to be a place of safety and security.

   Ensuring a child appears in court on a regular basis is critical because the court oversees the child and is to ensure his or her care, protection, safety, and wholesome mental and physical development. However, the court may ask that the child be removed from the courtroom during sensitive testimony.

   See In re Adoption of S.B.B. and E.P.R., 539 A.2d 883 (Pa. Super. 1988).

   Nothing in these rules creates a right of a child to have his or her guardian present. See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6310, 6335(b), 6336.1.

   Official Note

   Rule 1128 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007; amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011; amended October 14, 2020, effective January 1, 2021.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1128 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1128 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2326 (May 7, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1128 published with the Court’s Order at 50 Pa.B. 5841 (October 24, 2020).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1128 amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended October 14, 2020, effective January 1, 2021, 50 Pa.B. 5840. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387393) to (387394).

Rule 1129. Appearance by Advanced Communication Technology.
 A. Generally.

   1)  The child, guardian, or a witness may appear at a proceeding by utilizing advanced communication technology pursuant to Rules 1140, 1242, 1406, 1512, and 1608.

   2)  At a minimum, the child shall appear in person at least every six months unless as otherwise provided by Rule 1128.

 B. Counsel.

   1)  The child or guardian shall be permitted to confer with counsel before entering into an agreement to appear utilizing advanced communication technology.

   2)  The child or guardian shall be permitted to communicate fully and confidentially with counsel immediately prior to and during the proceeding.

Comment
   Paragraph (A) requires that every child is to appear in person at least every six months. There may be instances in which the child is excused from attending pursuant to Rule 1128.

   This rule is not intended to compel the use of advanced communication technology but rather permit appearance by telephone or by a system providing two-way simultaneous audio-visual communication. Advanced communication technology may be utilized for the convenience for witnesses; efficient use of resources; or when a party or witness has an illness, is incarcerated, or is otherwise in a remote location. See Rules 1140, 1242, 1406, 1512, and 1608 for specific requirements for the use of advanced communication technology.

   Additionally, special care is to be taken when utilizing advanced communication technology to prevent disclosure of sensitive information to unauthorized persons and entities or to prevent a breach of confidentiality between a party and the party’s attorney.

   Pursuant to paragraph (B)(1), the child or guardian is to be permitted to confer with counsel prior to agreeing to a proceeding utilizing advanced communication technology. Counsel includes legal counsel and/or the guardian ad litem. Pursuant to paragraph (B)(2), the child or guardian is permitted to confer with counsel privately prior to and during the proceedings. The child is to be afforded all the same rights as if the hearing was held with all parties present in the courtroom.

   Official Note

   Rule 1129 adopted April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1129 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2327 (May 7, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1130 adopted April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (342563).

Rule 1130. Court Fees Prohibited for Advanced Communication Technology.
 The court shall not impose any fees upon any party or witness for utilizing advanced communication technology.

Comment
   See March 13, 2002 Order of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania (No. 241 Judicial Administration; Doc. No. 1) which provides that no fees shall be imposed against a defendant in a criminal proceeding for the utilization of advanced communication technology.

   Official Note

   Rule 1130 adopted April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1130 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2319 (May 7, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1130 adopted April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (342563).

Rule 1133. Motion to Intervene.
 A.  Contents. The motion to intervene shall include:

   1)  the name and address of the person moving to intervene;

   2)  the relationship of the intervening person to the child;

   3)  the contact between the child and the intervening person;

   4)  the grounds on which intervention is sought; and

   5)  the request sought.

 B.  Action by court. Upon the filing of a motion to intervene and after a hearing, the court shall enter an order granting or denying the motion.

Comment
   Under paragraph (B), a motion may be denied if, among other reasons, there are insufficient grounds for the motion, the interest of the movant is already adequately represented, the motion for intervention was unduly delayed, or the intervention will unduly delay or prejudice the adjudication of dependency or the rights of the parties.

   To move for intervention in a dependency case, a person is to show that the interest is substantial, direct, and immediate. See, e.g., South Whitehall Township Police Serv. v. South Whitehall Township, 521 Pa. 82, 555 A.2d 793 (1989).

   Standing is conferred upon a person if the person cares for or controls the child or is accused of abusing the child. In re J.P., 832 A.2d 492 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2003); In re L.J., 456 Pa. Super. 685, 691 A.2d 520 (1997). See 23 Pa.C.S. §  5313 for grandparent intervention. See also R.M. v. Baxter, 565 Pa. 619, 777 A.2d 446 (2001) (grandparent standing); Mitch v. Bucks Co. Children and Youth Social Service Agency, 383 Pa. Super. 42, 556 A.2d 419 (1989) (prospective adoptive parent standing); In re M.K., 431 Pa. Super. 198, 636 A.2d 198 (1994) (alleged abuser standing). For distinction between foster parent and prospective adoptive parent standing, see In re N.S., 845 A.2d 884 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2004).

   A non-custodial parent may intervene in a dependency petition filed by a third party to protect the child from being adjudicated dependent and placed in the custody of the Commonwealth. In re Anita H., 351 Pa. Super. 342, 505 A.2d 1014 (1986).

   See also In re Michael Y., 365 Pa. Super. 488, 530 A.2d 115 (1987) and In re R.T. & A.T., 405 Pa. Super. 156, 592 A.2d 55 (1991) for additional parties to proceedings.

   See Rule 1344 for motions and Rule 1345 for service.

   Official Note

   Rule 1133 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1133 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1134. Proceedings in Camera.
 Upon motion by any party or on the court’s own motion, in camera proceedings are to be recorded and each party’s attorney shall be present.

Comment
   See In re Leslie H., 329 Pa. Super. 453, 478 A.2d 876 (1984).

   If a party is not represented, the court is to make reasonable efforts to protect the due process rights of the party.

   Official Note

   Rule 1134 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

Rule 1135. Captions.
 All court documents and orders shall contain a caption that includes the following:

   1)  ‘‘In the Interest of (the child’s name)’’;

   2)  the child’s case docket number; and

   3)  the name of the court.

   Official Note

   Rule 1135 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

Rule 1136. Ex Parte Communication.
 A)  Unless otherwise authorized by law, no person shall communicate with the court in any way regarding matters pending before the court unless all parties:

   1)  are present or have been copied if the communication is written or in electronic form; or

   2)  have waived their presence or right to receive the communication.

 B)  If the court receives any ex parte communication, the court shall inform all parties of the communication and its content.

Comment
   No ex parte communications with the court are to occur. Communications should include all parties, such as the filing of a motion, or conducting a conference or a hearing.

   Attorneys are bound by the Rules of Professional Conduct. See Rules of Professional Conduct Rule 3.5(b). Judges are bound by the Code of Judicial Conduct. See Code of Judicial Conduct Rule 2.9.

   Attorneys and judges understand the impropriety of ex parte communications regarding matters pending before the court but many participants are not attorneys or judges. This rule ensures that all parties have received the same information that is being presented to the court so that it may be challenged or supplemented.

   Administrative matters are not considered ex parte communications.

   Official Note

   Rule 1136 adopted April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended April 29, 2016, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1136 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendment of Rule 1136 published with the Court’s Order at 46 Pa.B. 2411 (May 14, 2016).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1136 adopted April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended April 29, 2016, effective immediately, 46 Pa.B. 2411. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377952) and (357327).

Rule 1137. Public Discussion by Court Personnel of Pending Matters.
 All court personnel including, among others, court clerks, bailiffs, tipstaffs, sheriffs, and court stenographers, are prohibited from disclosing to any person, without authorization from the court, information relating to a pending dependency case that is not part of the court record otherwise available to the public or not part of the record in an open proceeding. This rule specifically prohibits the divulgence of information concerning arguments and proceedings that are closed proceedings, held in chambers, or otherwise outside the presence of the public.

   Official Note

   Rule 1130 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Renumbered Rule 1137 and amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1130 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the renumbering of 1130 to 1137 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2319 (May 7, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1137 renumbered from 1130 and amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319.

Rule 1138. Citation of Authorities.
 Citation of authorities in matters subject to these rules shall be in accordance with Pa.R.A.P. 126.

Comment
   See also 210 Pa. Code §  65.37 and Wenk v. State Farm Fire and Casualty Co., 228 A.3d 540, 552 n.11 (Pa. Super. 2020) for citing to non-precedential decisions of the Superior Court; and Pa.R.A.P. 3716 and 210 Pa. Code §  69.414 for citing to non-precedential decisions of the Commonwealth Court.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1138 added February 13, 2023, effective April 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1055.

Rule 1140. Bench Warrants for Failure to Appear.
 A. Issuance of Warrant.

   1)  Before a bench warrant may be issued by a judge, the judge shall find that the subpoenaed or summoned person received sufficient notice of the hearing and failed to appear.

   2)  For the purpose of a bench warrant, a judge may not find notice solely based on first-class mail service.

   3)  The judge shall not issue an arrest warrant for a dependent child who absconds.

 B. Party.

   1)  Where to Take the Party.

     a)   When a party is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant, the party shall be taken without unnecessary delay to the judge who issued the warrant or a judge designated by the President Judge to hear bench warrants.

     b)   If the party is not brought before a judge, the party shall be released unless the warrant specifically orders detention of the party.

     c)   If the warrant specifically orders detention of a party, the party shall be detained pending a hearing.

       i)   Minor. If the party is a minor, the party shall be detained in a shelter care facility or other placement as deemed appropriate by the judge.

       ii)   Adult. If the party is an adult, the witness shall be detained at the county jail.

   2)  Prompt Hearing.

     a)   If a party is detained pursuant to a specific order in the bench warrant, the party shall be brought before the judge who issued the warrant, a judge designated by the President Judge to hear bench warrants, or an out-of-county judge pursuant to paragraph (B)(4) within seventy-two hours.

     b)   If the party is not brought before a judge within this time, the party shall be released.

   3)  Notification of Guardian. If a party is a child and is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant, the arresting officer shall immediately notify the child’s guardian of the child’s whereabouts and the reasons for the issuance of the bench warrant.

   4)  Out-of-County Custody.

     a)   If a party is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant in a county other than the county of issuance, the county of issuance shall be notified immediately.

     b)   Arrangements to transport the party shall be made immediately.

     c)   If transportation cannot be arranged immediately, then the party shall be taken without unnecessary delay to a judge of the county where the party is found.

     d)   The judge will identify the party as the subject of the warrant, decide whether detention is warranted, and order that arrangements be made to transport the party to the county of issuance.

   5)  Time Requirements. The time requirements of Rules 1242, 1404, 1510, and 1607 shall be followed.

 C.  Witnesses.

   1)  Where to Take the Witness.

     a)   When a witness is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant, the witness shall be taken without unnecessary delay to the judge who issued the warrant or a judge designated by the President Judge to hear bench warrants.

     b)   If the witness is not brought before a judge, the witness shall be released unless the warrant specifically orders detention of the witness.

     c)   A motion for detention as a witness may be filed anytime before or after the issuance of a bench warrant. The judge may order detention of the witness pending a hearing.

       i)   Minor. If a detained witness is a minor, the witness shall be detained in a shelter care facility or other placement as deemed appropriate by the judge.

       ii)   Adult. If a detained witness is an adult, the witness shall be detained at the county jail.

   2)  Prompt Hearing.

     a)   If a witness is detained pursuant to paragraph (C)(1)(c) or brought back to the county of issuance pursuant to paragraph (C)(4)(f), the witness shall be brought before the judge by the next business day.

     b)   If the witness is not brought before a judge within this time, the witness shall be released.

   3)  Notification of Guardian. If a witness who is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant is a minor, the arresting officer shall immediately notify the witness’s guardian of the witness’s whereabouts and the reasons for the issuance of the bench warrant.

   4)  Out-of-County Custody.

     a)   If a witness is taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant in a county other than the county of issuance, the county of issuance shall be notified immediately.

     b)   The witness shall be taken without unnecessary delay and within the next business day to a judge of the county where the witness is found.

     c)   The judge will identify the witness as the subject of the warrant, decide whether detention as a witness is warranted, and order that arrangements be made to transport the witness to the county of issuance.

     d)   Arrangements to transport the witness shall be made immediately.

     e)   If transportation cannot be arranged immediately, the witness shall be released unless the warrant or other order of court specifically orders detention of the witness.

       i)   Minor. If the witness is a minor, the witness may be detained in an out-of-county shelter care facility or other placement as deemed appropriate by the judge.

       ii)   Adult. If the witness is an adult, the witness may be detained in an out-of-county jail.

     f)   If detention is ordered, the witness shall be brought back to the county of issuance within seventy-two hours from the execution of the warrant.

     g)   If the time requirements of this paragraph are not met, the witness shall be released.

 D.  Advanced Communication Technology. A court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 1129 unless good cause is shown otherwise.

 E.  Return & Execution of the Warrant for Parties and Witnesses.

   1)  The bench warrant shall be executed without unnecessary delay.

   2)  The bench warrant shall be returned to the judge who issued the warrant or to the judge designated by the President Judge to hear bench warrants.

   3)  When the bench warrant is executed, the arresting officer shall immediately execute a return of the warrant with the judge.

   4)  Upon the return of the warrant, the judge shall vacate the bench warrant.

Comment
   Pursuant to paragraph (A), the judge is to ensure that the person received sufficient notice of the hearing and failed to attend. The judge may order that the person be served in-person or by certified mail, return receipt. The judge may rely on first-class mail service if additional evidence of sufficient notice is presented. For example, testimony that the person was told in person about the hearing is sufficient notice. Before issuing a bench warrant, the judge should determine if the guardian was notified.

   Under Rule 1800, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335(c) was suspended only to the extent that it is inconsistent with this rule. Under paragraph (A)(1), the judge is to find a subpoenaed or summoned person failed to appear and sufficient notice was given to issue a bench warrant. The fact that the party or witness may abscond or may not attend or be brought to a hearing is not sufficient evidence for a bench warrant. The normal rules of procedure in these rules are to be followed if a child is detained. See Chapter Twelve.

   Paragraph (A)(3) does not preclude the issuance of a bench warrant for a case in which the child is subject to the jurisdiction of the dependency and delinquency court, see Rule 141 (Bench Warrants for Absconders), or an order for protective custody. Nor does the paragraph preclude judicial inquiry into efforts to locate a missing dependent child.

   In paragraphs (B)(1)(c)(i), (C)(1)(c)(i), & (C)(4)(e)(i), ‘‘other placement as deemed appropriate by the judge’’ does not include a detention facility if a child is only alleged to be dependent because the use of detention facilities for dependent children is strictly prohibited. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302 & 6327(e).

   Under paragraphs (B)(2) and (B)(4), a party taken into custody pursuant to a bench warrant is to have a hearing within seventy-two hours regardless of where the party is found. See Rule 1242(D).

   Pursuant to paragraph (B)(4), the party may be detained out-of-county until transportation arrangements can be made.

   Pursuant to paragraph (C)(4)(b), a witness is to be brought before an out-of-county judge by the next business day unless the witness can be brought before the judge who issued the bench warrant within this time. When the witness is transported back to the county of issuance within seventy-two hours of the execution of the bench warrant, the witness is to be brought before the judge who issued the bench warrant by the next business day. See paragraph (C)(4)(f).

   Pursuant to paragraph (E)(4), the bench warrant is to be vacated after the return of the warrant is executed so the party or witness is not taken into custody on the same warrant if the party or witness is released. ‘‘Vacated’’ is to denote that the bench warrant has been served, dissolved, executed, dismissed, canceled, returned, or any other similar language used by the judge to terminate the warrant. The bench warrant is no longer in effect once it has been vacated.

   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  4132 for punishment of contempt for children and witnesses.

   Throughout these rules, the ‘‘child’’ is the subject of the dependency proceedings. When a witness or another party is under the age of eighteen, the witness or party is referred to as a ‘‘minor.’’ When ‘‘minor’’ is used, it may include a child. This distinction is made to differentiate between children who are alleged dependents and other minors who are witnesses. See also Rule 1120 for the definitions of ‘‘child’’ and ‘‘minor.’’

   Official Note

   Rule 1140 adopted March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009. Amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended April 23, 2018, effective July 1, 2018.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1140 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 1614 (April 4, 2009).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1140 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2319 (May 7, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1140 published with the Court’s Order at 48 Pa.B. 2615 (May 5, 2018).

Source
   The provisions of Rule 1140 adopted March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 1614; amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended April 23, 2018, effective July 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 2615. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387398) to (387402).

PART B(1). EDUCATION AND HEALTH OF CHILD

Rule 1145. Application or Motion for Examination and Treatment of a Child.
 A.  Pre-petition treatment. Prior to the filing of a dependency petition, an application to the court may be made to treat a child when prompt treatment is necessary.

 B.  Post-petition examination and treatment. After a petition has been filed, a motion for examination and treatment of a child may be filed.

Comment
   The term ‘‘application’’ is used in paragraph (A) of this rule. An application is to be made to the court if there is no formal court action pending. Once a dependency petition is filed, a motion, as provided in paragraph (B), is the proper course of action for seeking examination and treatment of a child. All parties are notified and copied on all motions. The procedures of Rule 1344 are to be followed. See Rule 1344.

   It should be noted that paragraph (A) only relates to treatment of a child when prompt treatment is necessary.

   Pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6339(b), the court may order the child to be examined at a suitable place by a physician or psychologist and may also order medical or surgical treatment of a child who is suffering from a serious physical condition or illness, which in the opinion of a licensed physician, requires prompt treatment, even if the guardian has not been given notice of a hearing, is not available, or without good cause informs the court of his refusal to consent to the treatment. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6339(b). In addition, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6357 provides a custodian to whom legal custody has been given by the court has the right to the physical custody of the child, the right to determine the nature of the care and treatment of the child, including ordinary medical care and the right and duty to provide for the care, protection, training, and education, and the physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child. An award of legal custody shall be subject to the conditions and limitations of the order and to the remaining rights and duties of the parents or guardian of the child as determined by the court. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6357.

   If a child has been adjudicated dependent, the court may order that the county agency participate in the treatment plan of the child as necessary to protect the health, safety, or welfare of the child, including discussions with the individual, facility, or program providing treatment, and the child or the child’s guardian in furtherance of the disposition. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6352.1.

   Under paragraph (B), if the legal custodian is the county agency, the county agency is to comply with the regulations of 55 Pa. Code § §  3130.91 and 3680.52.

   Official Note

   Rule 1145 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1145 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1146. Notice of Truancy Hearing.
 Upon receiving written notice of a hearing regarding a citation or complaint for truancy against a child or a person in parental relation pursuant to 24 P.S. §  13-1333.1 when the child is the subject of a dependency proceeding, the county agency shall serve a copy of the notice upon the dependency court and parties.

Comment
   Pursuant to 24 P.S. §  13-1333.2(b)(1), the court in which a truancy citation or complaint is filed shall provide the county agency with written notice of the hearing. For definition of ‘‘person in parental relation,’’ see 24 P.S. §  13-1326.

   The President Judge may adopt local rules coordinating jurisdiction and proceedings between the judge of the court where the citation or complaint was filed and the dependency court judge. Coordination may include, but is not limited to, the entry of an order staying the truancy proceeding for further consideration by the dependency court.

   Official Note

   Rule 1146 adopted December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1146 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 208 (January 12, 2019).

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1146 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 610 (February 9, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1146 adopted December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 208, 610.

Rule 1147. Educational Decision Maker.
 A.  Generally. At any proceeding or upon motion, the court shall appoint an educational decision maker for the child if it determines that:

   1)  the child has no guardian; or

   2)  the court, after notice to the guardian and an opportunity for the guardian to be heard, has made a determination that it is in the child’s best interest to limit the guardian’s right to make decisions regarding the child’s education.

 B.  Notice of hearings. The educational decision maker shall receive notice of all proceedings.

 C.  Duties and responsibilities. The educational decision maker shall:

   1)  make appropriate inquiries and take appropriate actions to ensure that:

     a)   issues concerning the child’s educational stability are addressed;

     b)   school discipline matters are addressed;

     c)   the child is receiving appropriate education that will allow the child to meet state standards, including any necessary services concerning special education in the least restrictive environment, or remedial services;

     d)   the child, who is fourteen years of age or older, is receiving the necessary educational services to transition to successful adulthood;

     e)   the child, who is receiving services concerning special education, is engaged in transition planning with the school entity beginning no later than the school year in which the child turns fourteen; and

     f)   the child, who is aging out of care within ninety days, has a transition plan that addresses the child’s educational needs, and if applicable, the plan is coordinated with the child’s transition planning concerning special education under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.

   2)  address the child’s educational needs by:

     a)   meeting with the child at least once and as often as necessary to make decisions regarding education that are in the child’s best interests;

     b)   participating in special education and other meetings, and making decisions regarding all matters affecting the child’s educational needs in a manner consistent with the child’s best interests;

     c)   making any specific recommendations to the court relating to:

       i)   the timeliness and appropriateness of the child’s educational placement;

       ii)   the timeliness and appropriateness of the child’s transitional planning; and

       iii)   services necessary to address the child’s educational needs;

     d)   appearing and testifying at court hearings when necessary; and

     e)   having knowledge and skills that ensure adequate representation of the child.

Comment
   A child in dependent care is to have a clearly identified, legally authorized educational decision maker. This is a particular concern for highly mobile children whose caregivers may change and whose guardian may be unavailable. An educational decision maker’s responsibilities may include, but are not limited to: ensuring educational stability as mandated by 42 U.S.C. § §  675(1)(G) and 11431 et seq.; ensuring prompt enrollment in a new school as required pursuant to 22 Pa. Code §  11.11(b); facilitating access to a full range of school programs; advocating for the child in school discipline matters; ensuring meaningful transition planning as required by 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351 and 42 U.S.C. §  675(5)(H); and for a child eligible for special education, ensuring access to appropriate services including transition planning beginning no later than age fourteen. See 24 P. S. § §  13-1371, 13-1372, 20 U.S.C. § §  1400 et seq. See paragraph (A) and (C).

   An educational decision maker appointed pursuant to this rule who represents a child who is also adjudicated delinquent is to review Rule 147.

   A court is not to appoint an educational decision maker if there is a parent, guardian, or other authorized person (e.g., foster parent, relative with whom the child lives or surrogate parent appointed under the IDEA) who is competent, willing, and available to make decisions regarding the child’s education and who is acting in the child’s best interest regarding all educational matters. See Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (‘‘IDEA’’), 20 U.S.C. § §  1400 et seq. (2004). A court should limit the authority of a parent to make decisions regarding education only to the extent necessary to protect the child’s interest and can reinstate the parent or change the educational decision maker at any time.

   Unless limited by the court in its appointment order, an educational decision maker: 1) is responsible for making all decisions concerning education, including special education, for the child; and 2) can consent to or prohibit the release of information from the child’s school records as a parent in accordance with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, 20 U.S.C. §  1232g and 34 C.F.R. §  99.3 (1974). The educational decision maker may be a family member, a family friend, a mentor, a foster parent, a former foster parent, a Court Appointed Special Advocate, or, if an educational decision maker for special education is not needed, a child welfare professional. Except as otherwise provided by the IDEA, it is within the discretion of the court to appoint an educational decision maker and whom to appoint. In all cases, however, an educational decision maker appointed by the court should be familiar with a child’s educational rights or is to agree to be trained regarding these issues.

   If the child is or may be eligible for special education, an educational decision maker is to be appointed in accordance with the standards and procedures set forth in federal and state laws concerning special education. See IDEA, 20 U.S.C. § §  1400, 1401(23), and 1415(b)(2); 34 C.F.R. § §  300.30, 300.45, and 300.519. The IDEA recognizes a court’s authority to appoint persons to make decisions concerning special education for a child. However, such decision makers cannot be the State or employees of any agency that is involved in the education or care of the child. 34 C.F.R. §  300.519(c), (d)(2)(i).

   The educational decision maker should refer to the Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing Adoptions Act of 2008 (P. L. 110-351) and the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, 42 U.S.C. § §  11431 et seq. (1989) for guidance in educational stability. Specifically, the educational decision maker is to: a) ensure the right to remain in the same school regardless of a change in placement when it is in the child’s best interest; b) facilitate immediate enrollment in a new school when a school change is in the child’s best interest; and c) ensure that school proximity is considered in all placement changes, 42 U.S.C. § §  675(1)(G) and 11431 et seq.

   The educational decision maker is to also ensure: a) that the child receives an appropriate education, including, as applicable, any necessary special education, early intervention, or remedial services; see 24 P.S. § §  13-1371, 13-1372, 55 Pa. Code §  3130.87, 20 U.S.C. § §  1400 et seq.; b) that the child receives educational services necessary to support the child’s transition to successful adulthood if the child is fourteen or older pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351(F)(8); and c) that the educational decision maker participates in the development of a transition plan that addresses the child’s educational needs pursuant to 42 U.S.C. §  675(5)(H) if the child will age out of care within ninety days.

   The authority of the court to appoint an educational decision maker is derived from the broad powers of the court to issue orders that ‘‘provide for the care, protection, safety, and wholesome mental and physical development of children.’’ 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301(b)(1.1). The IDEA also requires that each child who is eligible for special education has an active parent or other identified person who can participate in the process concerning special education. See IDEA, 20 U.S.C. § §  1401(23) and 1415(b)(2); 34 C.F.R. § §  300.30, 300.45, and 300.519.

   Official Note

   Rule 1147 adopted April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1147 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1147 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 208 (January 12, 2019).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1147 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 610 (February 9, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1147 adopted April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 208, 610. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387403) to (387405).

Rule 1148. Educational Stability and Placement.
 A.  General Rule. Any order resulting in the placement of a child or a change in placement shall address the educational stability of the child.

 B.  School of Origin. A child in placement shall remain in their school of origin unless the court finds remaining in the school of origin is not in the child’s best interest. If the court finds that it is not in the best interest of the child to remain in the school of origin, then the court may order the child to be enrolled in another school that best meets the child’s needs.

 C.  Another School. If a court orders the child to be enrolled in another school pursuant to paragraph (B), then the child shall attend a public school unless the court finds that a public school is not in the best interest of the child.

Comment
   This rule is intended to apply at any point in a dependency proceeding when the child is in placement, including pre-dispositional placement and post-dispositional modification of a dependent child’s placement. This rule is intended to complement rather than supersede the requirements of Rule 1512(D)(1)(i).

   In paragraph (B), the best interest determination should be based on factors including the appropriateness of the current educational setting considering the child’s needs and the proximity of the school of origin relative to the placement location. This paragraph is not intended to usurp the administrative process contemplated by the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as amended, 20 U.S.C. §  6311(g)(1)(E). This paragraph is intended to facilitate educational stability while the child remains under the jurisdiction of the Juvenile Court and to codify the presumption that a child is to remain in their school of origin absent evidence that it is not in the child’s best interest to do so.

   In paragraph (C), circumstances indicating that it may not be in the best interest for the child to attend a public school include the security and safety of the child and treatment needs. Paragraph (C) is intended to codify the presumption that a child is to attend public school while in placement absent evidence demonstrating that it is not in the best interest of the child to do so. The bundling of residential services and educational services should not be permitted without a court order authorizing such.

   A court may consider an Individualized Education Program, Service Agreement, or administrative determination in making findings pursuant to this Rule.

   Official Note

   Rule 1148 adopted December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1148 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 208 (January 12, 2019).

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1148 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 610 (February 9, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1148 adopted December 21, 2018, effective May 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 208, 610.

Rule 1149. Family Finding.
 A.  Court’s inquiry and determination.

   1)  The court shall inquire as to the efforts made by the county agency to comply with the family finding requirements pursuant to 67 Pa.C.S. § §  7501 et seq.

   2)  The court shall place its determinations on the record as to whether the county agency has reasonably engaged in family finding.

 B.  Discontinued family finding. Family finding may be discontinued only if, after a hearing, the court has made a specific determination that:

   1)  continued family finding no longer serves the best interests of the child;

   2)  continued family finding is a threat to the child’s safety; or

   3)  the child is in a preadoptive placement and the court proceedings to adopt the child have been commenced pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. Part III (relating to adoption).

 C.  Resuming family finding. The county agency shall resume family finding when the court determines that resuming family finding:

   1)  is best suited to the safety, protection and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child; and

   2)  does not pose a threat to the child’s safety.

Comment:
   Pursuant to paragraph (A), efforts by the county agency may include, but are not limited to whether the county agency is or will be: a) searching for and locating adult relatives and kin; b) identifying and building positive connections between the child and the child’s relatives and kin; c) when appropriate: i) supporting the engagement of relatives and kin in social service planning and delivery of services; and ii) creating a network of extended family support to assist in remedying the concerns that led to the child becoming involved with the county agency; d) when possible, maintaining family connections; and e) when in the best interests of the child and when possible, keeping siblings together in care.

   The extent to which the county agency is involved in the case when a child is still in the home is dependent on several variables and specific to each case. In some instances, the county agency is more involved and actively engaged in family finding because the child needs support services or could be removed from the home. The search in these instances is used to find resources to help keep the child in the home by preventing removal, or to find resources if removal becomes necessary.

   See 67 Pa.C.S. §  7501 for legislative intent regarding family finding and promotion of kinship care.

   Family finding is required for every child when a child is accepted for services by the county agency. See 67 Pa.C.S. §  7503. It is best practice to find as many kin as possible for each child. These kin may help with care or support for the child. The county agency should ask the guardian, the child, and siblings about relatives or other adults in the child’s life, including key supporters of the child or guardians.

   Specific evidence should be provided indicating the steps taken to locate and engage relatives and kin. See Comment to Rule 1120 regarding diligent efforts considerations for locating relatives and kin. When considering the method by which relatives and kin are engaged in service planning and delivery, courts and the parties are encouraged to be creative. Strategies of engagement could include, but are not limited to, inviting relatives and kin to: 1) be involved in a family group decision making conference, family team conferencing, or other family meetings aimed at developing or supporting the family service plan; 2) assist with visitation; 3) assist with transportation; 4) provide respite or child care services; or 5) provide actual kinship care.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(2), the court is to place its determinations on the record as to whether the county has reasonably engaged in family finding. The level of reasonableness is to be determined by the length of the case and time the county agency has had to begin or continue the process. For example, at the shelter care hearing, the county agency should at least ask the question whether there is family or kin available as a resource. The initial removal of the child is the most critical time in the case. Potential trauma should be considered and ameliorated by family finding efforts as much as possible. Phone calls at this time are reasonable. However, at the dispositional or permanency hearings, the county agency has had more time to engage in a more thorough diligent search as discussed infra. See also Rule 1120 and its Comment.

   The court’s inquiry and determination regarding family finding should be made at each stage of the case, including, but not limited to the entry of an order for protective custody, shelter care hearing, adjudicatory hearing, dispositional hearing, and permanency hearing. See Rules 1210, 1242, 1408, 1409, 1512, 1514, 1515, 1608, 1609, 1610, and 1611, and their Comments.

   Paragraph (B)(3) is meant to include notice of intent to adopt, petition to adopt, or voluntary relinquishment of parental rights, or consent to adopt.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1149 adopted July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended November 30, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7632; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (407944) to (407945).

PART B(2). COUNSEL

Rule 1150. Attorneys—Appearances and Withdrawals.
 A.  Appearances.

   1)  The Guardian ad litem and counsel for each party, except under paragraph (A)(3), shall file an entry of appearance with the clerk of courts promptly after being retained and serve a copy on all other parties.

     a)   If a firm name is entered, the name of the individual lawyer who is designated as being responsible for the conduct of the case shall be entered.

     b)   The entry of appearance shall include the attorney’s address, phone number, and attorney ID number.

   2)  When counsel is appointed pursuant to Rule 1151 (Assignment of Counsel), the filing of the appointment order shall enter the appearance of appointed counsel.

   3)  The president judge of each judicial district may enter an order stating that the specified Solicitor’s appearance is automatically entered in every dependency case unless another attorney’s appearance is entered pursuant to paragraph (A)(1).

 B.  Duration. Once an appearance is entered or the court assigns counsel for the child, counsel shall represent the child until the closing of the dependency case, including any proceeding upon direct appeal and permanency review, unless permitted to withdraw pursuant to paragraph (C).

 C.  Withdrawals.

   1)  Upon motion, counsel shall be permitted to withdraw only:

     a)   by order of the court for good cause shown; or

     b)   if new counsel has entered an appearance in accordance with paragraph (A).

   2)  A motion to withdraw shall be:

     a)   filed with the clerk of courts, and a copy concurrently served on the other parties’ attorneys, or the party, if unrepresented; or

     b)   made orally on the record in open court in the presence of the parties.

Comment
   Paragraph (A)(3) allows the Solicitor to be automatically entered in the record as counsel for the agency. The order is to include the attorney’s address, phone number, and attorney ID number.

   Under paragraph (C), withdrawal is presumed when a court’s jurisdiction is terminated because the child reaches the age of twenty-one. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302.

   Under paragraph (C)(1)(a), a court can terminate an attorney’s representation if there is good cause shown. The court should allow an attorney to withdraw from a case for good cause if the standards for termination of representation, as provided for in the Rules of Professional Conduct 1.16, are met.

   Under paragraph (C)(1)(b), because the county agency will be on notice of the identity of the new attorney, the agency should comply with the discovery requirements of Rule 1340.

   Under paragraph (C)(2), counsel is to file a motion to withdraw in all cases. Counsel’s obligation to represent a party, whether as retained or appointed counsel, remains until leave to withdraw is granted by the court. See e.g., Com. v. Librizzi, 810 A.2d 692 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2002). The court is to make a determination of the status of the case before permitting counsel to withdraw. Although there are many factors considered by the court in determining whether there is good cause to permit the withdrawal of counsel, when granting leave, the court should determine if new counsel needs to be appointed, and that the change in attorneys will not delay the proceedings or prejudice the party, particularly concerning time limits.

   See Rule 1167 for service of court orders.

   See also Rule 1613 for termination of court supervision.

   See the Comment to Rule 1634 for assisting children in filing resumption of jurisdiction motions. It is best practice for the court to appoint the guardian ad litem or legal counsel who was previously assigned to the child as legal counsel in the re-opened case. If there are extenuating circumstances preventing the attorney from representing the child, the attorney should make this known at the time of the filing of the motion for resumption of jurisdiction so the court can assign a new attorney.

   For admission pro hac vice, see Pa.B.A.R. 301.

   Official Note

   Rule 1150 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013. Amended December 10, 2013, effective February 10, 2014.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1150 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1150 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 6658 (November 9, 2013).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1150 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 7547 (December 28, 2013).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1150 amended October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6658; amended December 10, 2013, effective February 10, 2014, 43 Pa.B. 7547. Immediately preceeding text appears at serial pages (369668) to (369670).

Rule 1151. Assignment of Guardian Ad Litem and Counsel.
 A.  Guardian ad litem for child. The court shall assign a guardian ad litem to represent the legal interests and the best interests of the child if a proceeding has been commenced pursuant to Rule 1200 alleging a child to be dependent who:

   1)  is without proper parental care or control, subsistence, education as required by law, or other care or control necessary for the physical, mental or emotional health, or morals;

   2)  has been placed for care or adoption in violation of law;

   3)  has been abandoned by parents, guardian, or other custodian;

   4)  is without a parent, guardian or legal custodian; or

   5)  is born to a parent whose parental rights with regard to another child have been involuntarily terminated under 23 Pa.C.S. §  2511 (relating to grounds for involuntary termination) within three years immediately preceding the date of birth of the child and conduct of the parent poses a risk to the health, safety, or welfare of the child.

 B.  Counsel for child. The court shall appoint legal counsel for a child:

   1)  if a proceeding has been commenced pursuant to Rule 1200 alleging a child to be dependent who:

     a)   while subject to compulsory school attendance is habitually and without justification truant from school;

     b)   has committed a specific act or acts of habitual disobedience of the reasonable and lawful commands of the child’s guardian and who is ungovernable and found to be in need of care, treatment, or supervision;

     c)   is under the age of ten years and has committed a delinquent act;

     d)   has been formerly adjudicated dependent, and is under the jurisdiction of the court, subject to its conditions or placements and who commits an act which is defined as ungovernable in paragraph (B)(1)(b);

     e)   has been referred pursuant to section 6323 (relating to informal adjustment), and who commits an act which is defined as ungovernable in paragraph (B)(1)(b); or

     f)   has filed a motion for resumption of jurisdiction pursuant to Rule 1634; or

   2)  upon order of the court.

 C.  Counsel and Guardian ad litem for child. If a child has legal counsel and a guardian ad litem, counsel shall represent the legal interests of the child and the guardian ad litem shall represent the best interests of the child.

 D.  Time of appointment.

   1)  Child in custody. The court shall appoint a guardian ad litem or legal counsel immediately after a child is taken into protective custody and prior to any proceeding.

   2)  Child not in custody. If the child is not in custody, the court shall appoint a guardian ad litem or legal counsel for the child when a dependency petition is filed.

 E.  Counsel for other parties. If counsel does not enter an appearance for a party, the court shall inform the party of the right to counsel prior to any proceeding. If counsel is requested by a party in any case, the court shall assign counsel for the party if the party is without financial resources or otherwise unable to employ counsel. Counsel shall be appointed prior to the first court proceeding.

Comment
   See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6302, 6311, and 6337.

   The guardian ad litem for the child may move the court for appointment as legal counsel and assignment of a separate guardian ad litem, when, for example, the information that the guardian ad litem possesses gives rise to the conflict and can be used to the detriment of the child. To the extent 42 Pa.C.S. §  6311(b)(9) is inconsistent with this rule, it is suspended. See Rule 1800. See also Pa.R.P.C. 1.7 and 1.8.

   Pursuant to paragraph (B)(1)(f), the court is to appoint legal counsel when a motion for resumption of jurisdiction has been filed. It is best practice to appoint the guardian ad litem or legal counsel who was previously assigned to the child as legal counsel.

   Under paragraph (C), legal counsel represents the legal interests of the child and the guardian ad litem represents the best interests of the child.

   Nothing in these rules anticipates that a guardian ad litem for an adult is to be appointed by these rules. For appointment of a guardian of the person, see 20 Pa.C.S. §  5501 et seq. and Pa.O.C. Rules 14.2—14.5.

   Pursuant to paragraph (E), the court is to inform all parties of the right to counsel if they appear at a hearing without counsel. If a party is without financial resources or otherwise unable to employ counsel, the court is to appoint counsel prior to the proceeding. Because of the nature of the proceedings, it is extremely important that every ‘‘guardian’’ has an attorney. Therefore, the court is to encourage the child’s guardian to obtain counsel. Pursuant to Rule 1120, a guardian is any parent, custodian, or other person who has legal custody of a child, or person designated by the court to be a temporary guardian for purposes of a proceeding. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 1120.

   Official Note

   Rule 1151 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended February 20, 2007, effective immediately. Amended May 12, 2008, effective immediately. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1151 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to this rule published with the Court’s order at 37 Pa.B. 1123 (March 10, 2007).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1151 published with the Court’s Order at 38 Pa.B. 2360 (May 24, 2008).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1151 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2430 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1151 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 6658 (November 9, 2013).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1151 amended February 20, 2007, effective immediately; amended May 12, 2008, effective May 12, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 2360; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2430; amended October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6658. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (357336) to (357337).

Rule 1152. Waiver of Counsel.
 A.  Children.

   1)  Guardian ad litem. A child may not waive the right to a guardian ad litem.

   2)  Legal Counsel. A child may waive legal counsel if:

     a)   the waiver is knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily made; and

     b)   the court conducts a colloquy with the child on the record.

 B.  Other parties. Except as provided in paragraph (A), a party may waive the right to counsel if:

   1)  the waiver is knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily made; and

   2)  the court conducts a colloquy with the party on the record.

 C.  Stand-by counsel. The court may assign stand-by counsel if a party waives counsel at any proceeding or stage of a proceeding.

 D.  Notice and revocation of waiver. If a party waives counsel for any proceeding, the waiver only applies to that proceeding, and the party may revoke the waiver of counsel at any time. At any subsequent proceeding, the party shall be informed of the right to counsel.

Comment
   Under paragraph (A), a child may not waive the right to a guardian ad litem. The right of waiver to legal counsel belongs to the child, not the guardian. See Rule 1800, which suspends 42 Pa.C.S. §  6337, which provides that counsel must be provided unless the guardian is present and waives counsel for the child.

   It is recommended that, at a minimum, the court ask questions to elicit the following information in determining a knowing, intelligent, and voluntary waiver of counsel:

   1) Whether the party understands the right to be represented by counsel;

   2) Whether the party understands the nature of the dependency allegations and the elements of each of those allegations;

   3) Whether the party is aware of the dispositions and placements that may be imposed by the court, including foster care placement and adoption;

   4) Whether the party understands that if he or she waives the right to counsel, he or she will still be bound by all the normal rules of procedure and that counsel would be familiar with these rules;

   5) Whether the party understands that counsel may be better suited to defend the dependency allegations; and

   6) Whether the party understands that the party has many rights that, if not timely asserted, may be lost permanently; and if errors occur and are not timely objected to, or otherwise timely raised by the party, the ability to correct these errors may be lost permanently.

   Official Note

   Rule 1152 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1152 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1154. Duties of Guardian Ad Litem.
 A guardian ad litem shall:

   1)  Meet with the child as soon as possible following assignment pursuant to Rule 1151 and on a regular basis thereafter in a manner appropriate to the child’s age and maturity;

   2)  On a timely basis, be given access to relevant court and county agency records, reports of examination of the guardians or the child, and medical, psychological, and school records;

   3)  Participate in all proceedings, including hearings before juvenile court hearing officers, and administrative hearings and reviews to the degree necessary to adequately represent the child;

   4)  Conduct such further investigation necessary to ascertain the facts;

   5)  Interview potential witnesses, including the child’s guardians, caretakers, and foster parents, examine and cross-examine witnesses, and present witnesses and evidence necessary to protect the best interests of the child;

   6)  At the earliest possible date, be advised by the county agency having legal custody of the child of:

     a)   any plan to relocate the child or modify custody or visitation arrangements, including the reasons, prior to the relocation or change in custody or visitation; and

     b)   any proceeding, investigation, or hearing under the Child Protective Services Law, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq. or the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., directly affecting the child;

   7)  Make any specific recommendations to the court relating to the appropriateness and safety of the child’s placement and services necessary to address the child’s needs and safety, including the child’s educational, health care, and disability needs;

   8)  Explain the proceedings to the child to the extent appropriate given the child’s age, mental condition, and emotional condition; and

   9)  Advise the court of the child’s wishes to the extent that they can be ascertained and present to the court whatever evidence exists to support the child’s wishes. When appropriate because of the age or mental and emotional condition of the child, determine to the fullest extent possible the wishes of the child and communicate this information to the court.

Comment:
   If there is a conflict of interest between the duties of the guardian ad litem pursuant to paragraphs (7) and (9), the guardian ad litem for the child may move the court for appointment as legal counsel and assignment of a separate guardian ad litem when, for example, the information that the guardian ad litem possesses gives rise to the conflict and can be used to the detriment of the child. If there is not a conflict of interest, the guardian ad litem represents the legal interests and best interests of the child at every stage of the proceedings. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6311(b). To the extent 42 Pa.C.S. §  6311(b)(9) is inconsistent with this rule, it is suspended. See Rules 1151 and 1800. See also Pa.R.P.C. 1.7 and 1.8.

   ‘‘Legal interests’’ denotes that an attorney is to express the child’s wishes to the court regardless of whether the attorney agrees with the child’s recommendation. ‘‘Best interests’’ denotes that a guardian ad litem is to express what the guardian ad litem believes is best for the child’s care, protection, safety, and wholesome physical and mental development regardless of whether the child agrees.

   Pursuant to subdivision (7), the guardian ad litem is to make specific recommendations to the court regarding the appropriateness of the child’s placement, giving consideration to the proximity and appropriateness of the child’s school. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6311(b)(7) and 42 U.S.C. §  675(1)(G). Inquiries into the child’s education should include the right to: 1) educational stability, including the right to remain in the same school regardless of a change in placement when in the child’s best interest and the right to immediate enrollment when a school change is in the child’s best interest, 42 U.S.C. § §  675(1)(G) and 11431 et seq.; 2) an educational decision maker pursuant to Rule 1147, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301, 20 U.S.C. §  1439(a)(5), and 34 C.F.R. §  300.519; 3) an appropriate education, including any necessary special education, early intervention, or remedial services, 24 P.S. § §  13-1371 and 13-1372, 55 Pa. Code §  3130.87, and 20 U.S.C. § §  1400 et seq.; 4) the educational services necessary to support the child’s transition to successful adulthood, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351 if a child is 14 or older; and 5) a transition plan that addresses the child’s educational needs, 42 U.S.C. §  675(5)(H), if the child will age out of care in the next 90 days.

   See In re S.J., 906 A.2d 547, 551 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2006) (citing In re Tameka M., 525 Pa. 348, 580 A.2d 750 (1990)), for issues addressing a child’s mental and moral welfare.

   Pursuant to paragraph (7), the guardian ad litem is to make specific recommendations to the court regarding the appropriateness of the child’s placement, giving consideration to meeting the child’s needs concerning health care and disability. Inquiries into the child’s health should include the right of: 1) the child to receive timely and medically appropriate screenings and health care services, 55 Pa. Code § §  3700.51 and 3800.32, 42 U.S.C. §  1396d(r); and 2) a child with disabilities to receive necessary accommodations, 42 U.S.C. §  12132, 28 C.F.R. §  35.101 et seq., Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. §  794 and implementing regulations at 45 C.F.R. §  84.1 et seq.

   The guardian ad litem may be appointed as the educational decision maker. If the guardian ad litem is not the educational decision maker, the guardian ad litem is to coordinate efforts and consult with the educational decision maker. See Rule 1147 for duties of the educational decision maker.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1154 amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387412) to (387413).

Rule 1158. Assignment of Court Appointed Special Advocates.
 A court appointed special advocate shall follow the duties as set forth in the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6342(d) and in the Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission’s Juvenile Court Standards, 37 Pa. Code, Chapter 200.

   Official Note

   Rule 1158 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

PART C. RECORDS


PART C(1). ACCESS TO JUVENILE COURT RECORDS

Rule 1160. Inspection of the Official Court Record.
 The official court record is only open to inspection by:

   1)  The judges, officers, and professional staff of the court;

   2)  The parties to the proceeding and their counsel and representatives, but the persons in this category shall not be permitted to see reports revealing the names of confidential sources of information contained in social reports, except at the discretion of the court;

   3)  A public or private agency or institution providing supervision or having custody of the child under order of the court;

   4)  A court, its probation officers, other officials or professional staff and the attorney for the defendant for use in preparing a presentence report in a criminal case in which the defendant is convicted and who prior thereto had been a party to a proceeding under the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq.;

   5)  The Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts;

   6)  The judges, officers and professional staff of courts of other jurisdictions when necessary for the discharge of their official duties;

   7)  Officials of the Department of Corrections, a State Correctional Institution or other penal institution to which an individual who was previously adjudicated delinquent in a proceeding under the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., has been committed, but the persons in this category shall not be permitted to see reports revealing the names of confidential sources of information contained in social reports, except at the discretion of the court;

   8)  A parole board, court or county probation official in considering an individual’s parole or in exercising supervision over any individual who was previously adjudicated delinquent in a proceeding under the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., but the persons in this category shall not be permitted to see reports revealing the names of confidential sources of information contained in social reports, except at the discretion of the court.

   9)  The State Sexual Offenders Assessment Board for use in completing assessments; and

   10)  With leave of court, any other person or agency or institution having a legitimate interest in the proceedings or in the work of the unified judicial system.

Comment
   See the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6307, for the statutory provisions on inspection of all files and records of the court in a proceeding.

   Persons specified in 23 Pa.C.S. §  6340 as having access to reports may qualify as persons having a legitimate interest in the proceedings under paragraph (10). See 23 Pa.C.S. §  6340.

   This rule is meant to include the contents of the official court record as described in Rule 1166, which does not include agency records.

   Official Note

   Rule 1160 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1160 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1160 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1160 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (342575) to (342576).

PART C(2). MAINTAINING RECORDS

Rule 1165. Design of Forms.
 The Court Administrator of Pennsylvania, in consultation with the Juvenile Court Procedural Rules Committee, shall design and publish forms necessary to implement these rules.

Comment
   The purpose of the unified judicial system can be further achieved by creating uniform forms to implement a particular rule.

   Official Note

   Rule 1165 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1165 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1166. Maintaining Records in the Clerk of Courts.
 A.  Generally. The juvenile court file is the official court record and shall contain all original records, papers, and orders filed, copies of all court notices, and docket entries. These records shall be maintained by the clerk of courts and shall not be taken from the custody of the clerk of courts without order of the court.

 B.  Docket entries. The clerk of courts shall maintain a list of docket entries: a chronological list, in electronic or written form, of documents and entries in the official court record and of all proceedings in the case. The clerk of courts shall make docket entries at the time the information is made known to the clerk.

 C.  Contents of docket entries. The docket entries shall include, at a minimum, the following information:

   1)  the child’s name, address, date of birth, if known;

   2)  the guardian’s name, address, if known;

   3)  the names and addresses of all attorneys who have appeared or entered an appearance, the date of the entry of appearance(s), and the date of any withdrawal of appearance(s);

   4)  notations concerning all papers filed with the clerk, including all court notices, appearances, motions, orders, findings and adjudications, dispositions, permanency reviews and adoptions, briefly showing the nature and title, if any, of each paper filed, writ issued, and motion made, and the substance of each order or disposition of the court and of the returns showing execution of process;

   5)  notations concerning motions made orally or orders issued orally in the courtroom when directed by the court;

   6)  a notation of every judicial proceeding, continuance, and disposition;

   7)  the location of exhibits made part of the record during the proceedings; and

   8)a)  the date of receipt in the clerk’s office of the order or court notice;

     b)  the date appearing on the order or court notice; and

     c)  the date and manner of service of the order or court notice; and

   9)  all other information required by Rule 1345.

 D.  Electronic Format. If a judicial district has provided for electronic filing pursuant to Rule 1205, the juvenile court file in which electronic filing has been utilized may be maintained solely in an electronic format as long as copies of the documents maintained in the juvenile court file may be produced in a physical paper format.

Comment
   This rule sets forth the mandatory contents of the list of docket entries and the official court record. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list of what is required to be recorded in the docket entries. The judicial districts may require additional information to be recorded in a case or in all cases.

   The list of docket entries is a running record of all information related to any action in a dependency case in the court of common pleas of the clerk’s county, such as dates of filings, of orders, and of court proceedings, including hearings conducted by juvenile court hearing officers. Nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the use of automated or other electronic means for time-stamping or making docket entries.

   This rule applies to all proceedings in the court of common pleas, including hearings conducted by juvenile court hearing officers, at any stage of the dependency case.

   This rule is not intended to include items contained in the county agency records or reports.

   The practice in some counties of creating the list of docket entries only if an appeal is taken is inconsistent with this rule.

   The requirement of paragraph (C)(3) that all attorneys and their addresses be recorded makes certain there is a record of all attorneys who have appeared for any party in the case. The requirement also ensures that attorneys are served as required by Rules 1167 and 1345. See also Rule 1345(C) concerning certificates of service.

   In those cases in which the attorney has authorized receiving service by facsimile transmission or electronic means, the docket entry required by paragraph (C)(3) is to include the facsimile number or electronic address.

   Paragraph (C)(5) recognizes that occasionally resolution of oral motions presented in open court should be reflected in the docket, such as motions and orders.

   Paragraph (D) permits electronically filed documents to be part of the juvenile court record in an electronic format. Accordingly, the juvenile court record may exist in both paper and electronic form, provided the electronic form can be produced in a paper form.

   Official Note

   Rule 1166 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017. Amended December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1166 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1166 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1166 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

   Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1166 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 7573 (December 28, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1166 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313; amended December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 7573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387415) to (387417).

Rule 1167. Filings and Service of Court Orders and Notices.
 A.  Filings.

   1)  All orders and court notices shall be transmitted promptly to the clerk of courts for filing. Upon receipt by the clerk of courts, the order or court notice shall be time-stamped promptly with the date of receipt.

   2)  All orders and court notices shall be filed in the official court record.

 B.  Service.

   1)  A copy of any order or court notice shall be served promptly on each party’s attorney, and the party, if unrepresented.

   2)  The clerk of courts shall serve the order or court notice, unless the president judge has promulgated a local rule designating service to be by the court or its designee.

   3)  Methods of Service. Service shall be:

     a)   by:

       i)   personal delivery to the party’s attorney, and if unrepresented, the party;

       ii)   mailing a copy to the party’s attorney or leaving a copy for the attorney at the attorney’s office;

       iii)   in those judicial districts that maintain in the courthouse assigned boxes for counsel to receive service, leaving a copy for the attorney in the attorney’s box;

       iv)   sending a copy to an unrepresented party by first class mail addressed to the party’s place of business, residence, or detention;

       v)   sending a copy by facsimile transmission or other electronic means if the party’s attorney, and if unrepresented, the party has filed written request for this method of service or has included a facsimile number or an electronic address on a prior legal paper filed in the case;

       vi)   delivery to the party’s attorney, and if unrepresented, the party by carrier service; or

     b)   orally in open court on the record; or

     c)   in a judicial district that permits electronic filing pursuant to Rule 1205, service of court orders or notices shall be made as provided in Rule 1205(D)(2) and (H)(1).

 C.  Unified Practice. Any local rule that is inconsistent with the provisions of this rule is prohibited, including any local rule requiring a person to file or serve orders or court notices.

Comment
   Court notices, as used in this rule, are communications that ordinarily are issued by a judge or the court administrator concerning, for example, calendaring or scheduling, including proceedings requiring the party’s presence.

   A facsimile number or electronic address set forth on the letterhead is not sufficient to authorize service by facsimile transmission or other electronic means under paragraph (B)(3)(a)(v). The authorization for service by facsimile transmission or other electronic means under this rule is valid only for the duration of the case. A separate authorization is to be filed in each case by the party, if unrepresented, or by the attorney who wants to receive documents by this method of service.

   Nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the use of automated or other electronic means for the transmission of the orders or court notices between the judge, court administrator, and clerk of courts, or for time-stamping.

   Official Note

   Rule 1167 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended December 12, 2019, effective April 1, 2019.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1167 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1167 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1167 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 7573 (December 28, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1167 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 7573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387417) to (387418).

PART D. JUVENILE COURT HEARING OFFICERS

Rule 1182. Qualifications of Juvenile Court Hearing Officer.
 A.  Education, Experience, and Training. To preside as a juvenile court hearing officer over cases governed by the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., an individual shall:

   1)  be a member, in good standing, of the bar of this Commonwealth;

   2)  have been licensed to practice law for at least five consecutive years; and

   3)  have completed six hours of instruction, approved by the Pennsylvania Continuing Legal Education Board prior to hearing cases, which specifically addresses all of the following topics:

     a)   the Juvenile Act;

     b)   the Pennsylvania Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure;

     c)   the Child Protective Services Law;

     d)   evidence rules and methodology; and

     e)   child and adolescent development.

 B.  Continuing Education. Upon meeting the requirements of paragraph (A)(3), a juvenile court hearing officer shall thereafter complete six hours of instruction from a course(s) designed by the Office of Children and Families in the Courts, in juvenile dependency law, policy, or related social science research every two years.

 C.  Compliance.

   1)  A juvenile court hearing officer shall sign an affidavit attesting that he or she has met the requirements of this rule.

   2)  Prior to presiding as a juvenile court hearing officer, the attorney shall send the affidavit to the President Judge or his or her designee of each judicial district where the attorney is seeking to preside as a juvenile court hearing officer.

   3)  After submission of the initial affidavit pursuant to paragraph (C)(2), juvenile court hearing officers shall submit a new affidavit every two years attesting that the continuing education requirements of paragraph (B) have been met.

Comment
   Pursuant to paragraphs (A)(1) & (2), juvenile court hearing officers are to be in good standing and have at least five consecutive years of experience as an attorney. It is best practice to have at least two years of experience in juvenile law.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(3), the initial training program(s) is to be approved by the Pennsylvania Continuing Legal Education Board (Board). The program may be one course or multiple courses with at least six hours of instruction, equivalent to at least six CLE credits. When the Board is approving courses designed to address the requirements of this rule, it should consult with the Office of Children and Families in the Courts to ensure proper course requirements are being met. Additionally, for this initial training course(s), training already provided by the Office of Children and Families in the Courts or the Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission may meet the requirements of this Rule.

   For continuing education under paragraph (B), juvenile court hearing officers are to attend six hours of instruction from a course or multiple courses designed by the Office of Children and Families in the Courts. This is to ensure uniform training among juvenile court hearing officers.

   These requirements are additional requirements to the Pa.R.C.L.E. because they mandate specific training in juvenile dependency law. However, the credit hours received do count towards the total maximum required under Pa.R.C.L.E. 105.

   Pursuant to paragraph (C), a juvenile court hearing officer is to certify to the court that the requirements of this rule have been met prior to presiding as a juvenile court hearing officer, and submit new affidavits every two years thereafter.

   Official Note

   Rule 1182 adopted September 11, 2014, amended July 13, 2015, effective August 1, 2017. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1182 published with the Court’s Order at 44 Pa.B. 6087 (September 27, 2014).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1182 published with the Court’s Order at 45 Pa.B. 3986 (July 25, 2015).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1182 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1182 adopted September 11, 2014, effective October 1, 2016, 44 Pa.B. 6087; amended July 13, 2015, effective August 1, 2017, 45 Pa.B. 3986; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377965) to (377966).

Rule 1185. Appointment to Cases.
 A.  Appointment. If necessary to assist the juvenile court judge, the president judge or his or her designee may appoint juvenile court hearing officers to hear designated dependency matters.

 B.  Prohibited practice. Juvenile court hearing officers shall not engage in practice before the juvenile court in the same judicial district where they preside over dependency matters.

Comment
   Under paragraph (A), the president judge of each judicial district may restrict the classes of cases to be heard by the juvenile court hearing officer, in addition to the restrictions of Rule 1187. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6305(b) and Rule 1187.

   Official Note

   Rule 1185 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1185 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1185 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1185 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (373803).

Rule 1187. Authority of Juvenile Court Hearing Officer.
 A.  No authority. A juvenile court hearing officer shall not have the authority to:

   1)  preside over:

     a)   termination of parental rights hearings;

     b)   adoptions;

     c)   any hearing in which any party seeks to establish a permanency goal of adoption or change the permanency goal to adoption;

   2)  enter orders for emergency or protective custody pursuant to Rules 1200 and 1210;

   3)  issue warrants; and

   4)  issue contempt orders.

 B.  Right to hearing before judge.

   1)  Prior to the commencement of any proceeding, the juvenile court hearing officer shall inform all parties of the right to have the matter heard by a judge. If a party objects to having the matter heard by the juvenile court hearing officer, the case shall proceed before the judge.

   2)  If a party objects to having the matter heard by the juvenile court hearing officer pursuant to paragraph (B)(1), the juvenile court hearing officer or the court’s designee for scheduling cases shall immediately schedule a hearing before the judge. The time requirements of these rules shall apply.

Comment
   A juvenile court hearing officer’s authority is limited under this rule. To implement this rule, Rule 1800 suspends 42 Pa.C.S. §  6305(b) only to the extent that juvenile court hearing officers may not hear all classes of cases.

   Under paragraph (A)(1)(c), once the permanency goal has been approved for adoption by a judge, all subsequent reviews or hearings may be heard by the juvenile court hearing officer unless a party objects pursuant to paragraph (B).

   Under paragraph (A)(3), nothing is intended to limit the juvenile court hearing officer’s ability, in a proper case before the juvenile court hearing officer, to recommend to the court that a warrant be issued. This includes arrest, bench, and search warrants.

   Concerning the provisions of paragraph (B), see 42 Pa.C.S. §  6305(b).

   Under paragraph (B)(2), it should be determined whenever possible before the date of the hearing whether there will be an objection to having the matter heard before a juvenile court hearing officer. If it is anticipated that there will be an objection, the case is to be scheduled in front of the judge, rather than the juvenile court hearing officer to prevent continuances and delays in the case.

   See Rule 1127 for recording of proceedings before a juvenile court hearing officer.

   Official Note

   Rule 1187 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1187 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1187 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1187 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (373803) to (373804).

Rule 1190. Stipulations Before Juvenile Court Hearing Officer.
 A.  Types of cases. Juvenile court hearing officers may accept stipulations in any classes of cases that they are permitted to hear pursuant to Rule 1187.

 B.  Requirements. The stipulation requirements of Rule 1405 shall be followed.

Comment
   Under paragraph (A), a juvenile court hearing officer may accept stipulations in those permissible classes of cases pursuant to Rule 1187. In addition, the president judge of each judicial district may further restrict the classes of cases. See Rule 1185.

   The court is to receive corroborating evidence, in addition to the stipulated facts, to make an independent determination that a child is dependent. See Rule 1405 and its Comment.

   Official Note

   Rule 1190 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1190 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1190 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1190 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (373804).

Rule 1191. Juvenile Court Hearing Officer’s Findings and Recommendation to the Judge.
 A.  Announcement of Findings and Recommendation. At the conclusion of the hearing, the juvenile court hearing officer shall announce in open court on the record, the juvenile court hearing officer’s findings and recommendation to the judge.

 B.  Submission of Papers and Contents of Recommendation. Within two business days of the hearing, the juvenile court hearing officer shall submit specific findings and a recommendation to the juvenile court judge. If requested, a copy of the findings and recommendation shall be given to any party.

 C.  Challenge to Recommendation. A party may challenge the juvenile court hearing officer’s recommendation by filing a motion with the clerk of courts within three days of receipt of the recommendation. The motion shall request a rehearing by the judge and aver reasons for the challenge.

 D.  Judicial Action. Within seven days of receipt of the juvenile court hearing officer’s findings and recommendation, the judge shall review the findings and recommendation of the juvenile court hearing officer and:

   1)  accept the recommendation by order;

   2)  reject the recommendation and issue an order with a different disposition;

   3)  send the recommendation back to the juvenile court hearing officer for more specific findings; or

   4)  conduct a rehearing.

Comment
   The juvenile court may promulgate a form for juvenile court hearing officers to use. The findings and recommendation may take the form of a court order to be adopted by the court.

   If a party contests the juvenile court hearing officer’s decision, the copy of the findings and recommendation may be used as an attachment in a motion for a rehearing in front of the judge.

   The juvenile court hearing officer’s decision is subject to approval of the judge. When the judge, in rejecting the juvenile court hearing officer’s recommendation, modifies a factual determination, a rehearing is to be conducted. The judge may reject the juvenile court hearing officer’s findings and enter a new finding or disposition without a rehearing if there is no modification of factual determinations. See In re Perry, 459 A.2d 789 (Pa. Super. 1983).

   Nothing in this rule prohibits the court from modifying conclusions of law made by the juvenile court hearing officer.

   Official Note

   Rule 1191 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1191 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1191 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1191 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (373804) to (373805).

























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter12/chap12toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 12. COMMENCEMENT OF
PROCEEDINGS, EMERGENCY CUSTODY, AND
PRE-ADJUDICATORY PLACEMENT
PART A(1). COMMENCING PROCEEDINGS
Rule


1200.    Commencing Proceedings.
1201.    Procedures for Protective Medical Custody.
1202.    Procedures for Protective Custody by a Police Officer, Juvenile Probation Officer, and County Agency.
1203.    Indian Child.
PART A(2). ELECTRONIC FILING AND SERVICE
OF LEGAL PAPERS
Rule


1205.    Electronic Filing and Service of Legal Papers.
PART B. EMERGENCY CUSTODY

1210.    Order for Protective Custody.
PART C. SHELTER CARE

1240.    Shelter Care Application.
1241.    Notification of Shelter Care Hearing.
1242.    Shelter Care Hearing.
1243.    Shelter Care Rehearings.
PART A. COMMENCING PROCEEDINGS

Rule 1200. Commencing Proceedings.
 Dependency proceedings within a judicial district shall be commenced by:

   1)  the filing of a dependency petition;

   2)  the submission of an emergency custody application;

   3)  the taking of the child into protective custody pursuant to a court order or statutory authority;

   4)  the court accepting jurisdiction of a resident child from another state;

   5)  the court accepting supervision of child pursuant to another state’s order; or

   6)  the filing of a motion for resumption of jurisdiction pursuant to Rule 1634.

Comment
   See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6321, 6324, 23 Pa.C.S. § §  6315, 6369, 62 P.S. §  761.

   If a county agency has custody of a child under a voluntary placement agreement and custody will exceed thirty days, dependency proceedings are to be commenced by the filing of a petition by the thirtieth day. A dependency petition is to be filed if a guardian requests return of the child and the county agency refuses to return the child. A dependency petition is to be filed at the time of refusal of return by the county agency. See 55 Pa. Code §  3130.65 for provisions on voluntary agreements.

   For procedures on protective medical custody, see Rule 1201. For procedures on protective custody by police and the county agency, see Rule 1202.

   For proceedings that have already been commenced in another judicial district, see Rule 1302 for inter-county transfer of the case.

   For resumption of jurisdiction, see Rules 1634 and 1635 & 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6302 and 6351(j).

   The clerk of courts and the county agency should have form motions available for children who want to file for resumption of juvenile court jurisdiction. These forms are available at http://www.pacourts.us/Forms/dependency.htm.

   The clerk of courts or county agency is to assist any child who requests assistance in completing the form and the clerk of courts is to accept all filings for resumption of juvenile court jurisdiction regardless of whether the motions meet the standard for legal filings or there are objections by other parties. This is to ensure these children have easy access to the court. See also Rule 1126.

   Official Note

   Rule 1200 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1200 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1200 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 6658 (November 9, 2013).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1200 amended October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6658. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (357341) to (357342).

Rule 1201. Procedures for Protective Medical Custody.
 When a physician examining or treating a child, a director, or a person specifically designated in writing by the director, of any hospital or other medical institution takes a child into custody pursuant to Rule 1200, the following provisions shall apply:

     a)   Notice.

   1)  The person taking the child into custody shall notify the guardian and the county agency of:

     a)   the whereabouts of the child, unless disclosure is prohibited by court order; and

     b)   the reasons for taking the child into custody.

   2)  Notice may be oral. The notice shall be reduced to writing within twenty-four hours.

     b)   Duration of custody. No child may be held in protective custody in a hospital or other medical institution for more than twenty-four hours unless the appropriate county agency is immediately notified that the child has been taken into custody and the county agency obtains an order permitting the child to be held in custody for a longer period. The president judge of each judicial district shall ensure that a judge is available twenty-four hours a day, every day of the year to accept and decide actions brought by the county agency within the twenty-four hour period.

Comment
   Notice to the county agency under paragraph (A) is to insure that appropriate proceedings are commenced. Notice may be oral but is to be reduced to writing within twenty-four hours.

   A child taken into protective custody is to be placed during the protective custody in an appropriate medical facility, foster home, or other appropriate facility approved by the Department of Public Welfare for this purpose.

   A conference between the guardian of the child taken into protective custody and the employee designated by the county agency to be responsible for the child should be held within forty-eight hours of the time that the child is taken into custody for the purpose of: 1) explaining to the guardian the reasons for the temporary detention of the child and the whereabouts of the child, unless disclosure is prohibited by court order; 2) expediting, whenever possible, the return of the child to the custody of the guardian when protective custody is no longer necessary; and 3) explaining to the guardian the rights provided for by 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6337, 6338.

   See In re J.R.W., 428 Pa. Super. 597, 631 A.2d 1019 (1993) and 23 Pa.C.S. §  6315.

   Official Note

   Rule 1201 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1201 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1202. Procedures for Protective Custody by a Police Officer, Juvenile Probation Officer, and County Agency.
 A.  Protective custody.

   1)  No court order.

     a)   A police officer or a juvenile probation officer may take a child into protective custody pursuant to Rule 1200 if there are reasonable grounds to believe that the child is suffering from illness or injury or is in imminent danger from the surroundings and removal is necessary.

     b)   Without unnecessary delay, but no more than twenty-four hours after a child is taken into custody, an application for a protective custody order shall be made to provide temporary emergency supervision of a child pending a hearing pursuant to Rule 1242. The president judge of each judicial district shall ensure that a judge is available twenty-four hours a day, every day of the year to accept and decide actions brought by the county agency within the twenty-four hour period.

   2)  Court order.

     a)   A police officer, juvenile probation officers or county agency may obtain a protective custody order removing a child from the home pursuant to Rule 1210 if the court finds that remaining in the home is contrary to the welfare and the best interests of the child.

     b)   Pursuant to 23 Pa.C.S. §  6315 and after a court order, the county agency shall take the child into protective custody for protection from abuse. No county agency may take custody of the child without judicial authorization based on the merits of the situation.

 B.  Notice.

   1)  In all cases, the person taking the child into custody immediately shall notify the guardian and the county agency of:

     a)   the whereabouts of the child, unless disclosure is prohibited by court order; and

     b)   the reasons for taking the child into custody.

   2)  Notice may be oral. The notice shall be reduced to writing within twenty-four hours.

 C.  Placement. A child shall be placed in an appropriate shelter care facility or receive other appropriate care pending a shelter care hearing pursuant to Rule 1242.

Comment
   A properly commissioned juvenile probation officer has the authority to take a child into protective custody as a duly authorized officer of the court pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6324 unless the President Judge has limited such authority pursuant to Rule 195. See also 23 Pa.C.S. §  6315.

   Under paragraph (A)(1)(a) & (A)(2)(a), the police officer’s or juvenile probation officer’s duty is to protect the child and remove the child safely. A police officer or juvenile probation officer may bring the child to the county agency for supervision of the child pending a court order that should be given immediately. The police officer’s or juvenile probation officer’s duty is to take a child into protective custody if there are reasonable grounds to believe that the child is suffering from illness or injury or is in imminent danger from his or her surroundings, and that protective custody is necessary, whereas the county agency’s duty is to supervise the child and find an appropriate placement for the child when necessary. Only a police officer or juvenile probation officer may take custody of the child without a court order. See Rule 1800 for suspension of 42 Pa.C.S. §  6324, which provides that law enforcement officers may take a child into custody.

   Paragraph (B) is to ensure that if the guardian is not present when the child is removed, the guardian knows the whereabouts of the child and the reasons the child is taken into custody. If the person removing the child is not a caseworker, the county agency is to be notified to commence proceedings in juvenile court.

   Under paragraph (C), a child taken into protective custody is to be placed during the protective custody in an appropriate shelter care facility or receive other appropriate care.

   A conference between the guardian of the child taken into protective custody and the employee designated by the county agency to be responsible for the child should be held within forty-eight hours of the time that the child is taken into custody for the purpose of: 1) explaining to the guardian the reasons for the temporary detention of the child and the whereabouts of the child, unless disclosure is prohibited by court order; 2) expediting, whenever possible, the return of the child to the custody of the guardian when protective custody is no longer necessary; and 3) explaining to the guardian the rights provided for by 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6337, 6338.

   See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6324 & 6326 and 23 Pa.C.S. §  6369.

   Official Note

   Rule 1202 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended May 20, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1202 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1202 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2839 (June 4, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1202 amended May 20, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2839. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (326065) to (326066).

Rule 1203. Indian Child.
 (a)  Inquiry.

   (1)  At the commencement of the initial proceeding, including a court’s acceptance of either jurisdiction of a resident child from another state or supervision pursuant to another state’s order, the court shall inquire as to the efforts made by the county agency to determine whether the child is an Indian child and whether any participant has reason to know the child is an Indian child. All responses shall be placed on the record.

   (2)  The court shall advise the participants of their obligation to report to the court if they subsequently receive information that provides a reason to know the child is an Indian child.

 (b)  Finding of Court. The court shall make a finding as to whether there is reason to know the child is an Indian child.

 (c)  Additional Requirements.

   (1)  If the court finds there is reason to know the child is an Indian child, but lacks sufficient evidence to determine whether the child is an Indian child, the court shall confirm due diligence has been used to make such determination, and the court shall treat the child as an Indian child until it can determine, from the record, that the child does not meet the definition of an Indian child.

   (2)  If the court has sufficient evidence to conclude the child is an Indian child, then the notification and rights under the Indian Child Welfare Act shall apply.

Comment:
   The Indian Child Welfare Act, 25 U.S.C. § §  1901 et seq. and the Bureau of Indian Affairs regulations, 25 C.F.R. §  23.107, require the court at the commencement of the initial proceeding to determine if any participant has reason to know whether the child is an Indian child.

   For the definition of ‘‘Indian child,’’ see Rule 1120. Nothing in this rule is intended to prohibit the court from continuing to inquire at every subsequent proceeding. For determination of a reason to know whether a child is an Indian child, see 25 C.F.R. §  23.107. When a court knows or has reason to know that a child is an Indian child, see 25 C.F.R. §  23.111 for notice requirements. See also 25 C.F.R. §  23.11.

   For additional requirements concerning the emergency removal or emergency placement of an Indian child, see 25 C.F.R. §  23.113. For additional requirements concerning the non-emergent placement of an Indian child, see 25 C.F.R. § §  23.121-122. For the transfer of proceedings to the Indian child’s tribe, see 25 C.F.R. § §  23.115—.119. For requirements concerning voluntary proceedings for the placement of an Indian child, see 25 C.F.R. § §  23.124—.127. For the placement preferences of an Indian child, see 25 C.F.R. § §  23.131-132.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1203 added December 23, 2024, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 244.

Part A(2) ELECTRONIC FILING AND SERVICE
OF LEGAL PAPERS

Rule 1205. Electronic Filing and Service of Legal Papers.
 A.  Authorization. The president judge of a judicial district by local rule promulgated pursuant to Rule 1121 and Rule of Judicial Administration 103 may authorize electronic filing of legal papers with the clerk of courts in cases in dependency proceedings through the statewide electronic filing system as provided in this rule.

 B.  Local Rule.

   1)  The local rule required under this rule shall include the following provisions:

     a)   subject to the provisions in paragraph (B)(2), a statement that the electronic filing system is permissive and specify the legal papers subject to the rule, but in no case shall legal papers prohibited from being filed electronically by this rule be permitted to be filed electronically;

     b)   a provision for the procedures to ensure that any party who declines to participate in the system, or who is unable to electronically file or accept service of legal papers which were filed electronically, or who is otherwise unable to access the system, at a minimum, shall be able to file legal papers in a physical paper format and be served legal papers in a physical format which were electronically filed;

     c)   any additional provisions as the court may deem necessary to provide a full and complete procedure for the use of the system within the judicial district; and

     d)   a notation that the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts and the judicial district have agreed upon an implementation plan for PACFile in the judicial district.

   2)  Any judicial district that authorized electronic filing for a period of two years thereafter may amend their local rule, subject to the requirements of Rule 1121 and Rule of Judicial Administration 103, to make participation in electronic filing mandatory.

 C.  Definitions. As used in this rule, the following words shall have the following meanings:

   ‘‘electronic filing,’’ the electronic submission of legal papers by means other than facsimile transmission and the acceptance of the document by the clerk of courts;

   ‘‘filing party,’’ an attorney or other person or entity who files a legal paper by means of electronic filing;

   ‘‘legal paper,’’ a pleading or other submission to the court, including motions, answers, notices, or other documents, of which filing is required or permitted, including orders, copies of exhibits, and attachments, but excluding:

   1)  submissions filed ex parte as authorized by law; and

   2)  exhibits offered into evidence, whether or not admitted, in a court proceeding.

   ‘‘original document,’’ a legal paper filed electronically shall be deemed the original document, but copies of exhibits electronically filed do not constitute the original of the exhibit for evidentiary purposes; and

   ‘‘the system,’’ the PACFile electronic filing system, developed and administered by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts, is the exclusive system for electronic filing.

 D.  Participation.

   1)  The system shall permit attorneys, parties proceeding without counsel, and non-attorney persons or entities with standing to participate in a proceeding to file electronically.

     a)   In order to participate in the system, an attorney shall establish an account in the system by procedures established by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts.

     b)   A non-attorney shall be permitted to utilize the system through an authorization process established by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts.

   2)  Establishment of an account by an attorney or authorization of a non-attorney in the system, to the extent so authorized by the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts pursuant to paragraph (D)(1), shall constitute consent to participate in electronic filing, including acceptance of service electronically of any document filed on the system in any judicial district that permits electronic filing.

   3)  An attorney or non-attorney participating in the system is permitted to file a legal paper either in an electronic format or in a physical paper format. Service upon an attorney or non-attorney participating in the system shall be done electronically.

 E.  Filing.

   1)  When a legal paper is to be electronically filed, it may be submitted to the system at the Unified Judicial System web portal at http://ujsportal.pacourts.us, in accordance with this rule, any local rule adopted pursuant to this rule, and any filing instructions as may be otherwise provided at the web portal site.

   2)  Electronic filings may be submitted at any time, except during times of periodic maintenance. The electronic submission must be completed by 11:59:59 p.m. EST/EDT to be considered filed that day.

   3)  The time and date on which a legal paper is submitted to the system shall be recorded by the system. The system shall provide an acknowledgement to the filing party that the legal paper has been submitted.

   4)  The time and date on which the legal paper is accepted by the clerk of courts office also shall be recorded by the system. The system shall provide an acknowledgement to the filing party that the legal paper has been accepted.

   5)  A legal paper shall be considered filed upon submission of the legal paper to the system and acceptance of the filing by the clerk of courts. If the clerk of courts determines that the requirements for filing have been met, the time and date of filing shall be the time and date that the legal paper was submitted to the system. If the clerk of courts finds that the requirements for filing are not met, the clerk may reject the filing.

   6)  A filing party shall be responsible for any delay, disruption, and interruption of the electronic signals and legibility of the document electronically filed, except when caused by the failure of the system’s website.

   7)  The system shall attribute the filing of an electronic legal paper to the party whose account is used to log onto the system and file the legal paper.

   8)  Legal papers shall be presented for filing in portable document format (‘‘.pdf’’).

   9)  All legal papers electronically filed shall be maintained and retained by the clerk of courts in an electronic format. Neither the clerk of courts nor the court is required to maintain in a physical paper format any legal paper filed electronically as provided in this rule.

   10)  Any legal paper submitted for filing to the clerk of courts in a physical paper format shall be accepted by the clerk of courts in that format and shall be retained by the clerk of courts as may be required by applicable rules of court and record retention policies. The clerk of courts shall convert such legal paper in a physical paper format to .pdf and add it to the system. However, those submissions that are excluded from the definition of ‘‘legal paper’’ under paragraph (C) shall not be converted and added to the system.

   11)  No legal paper that complies with the Pennsylvania Rules of Juvenile Court Procedure shall be refused for filing by the clerk of courts or the electronic filing system based upon a requirement of a local rule or local administrative procedure or practice pertaining to the electronic filing of legal papers.

 F.  Signature.

   1)  Except as provided in paragraph (F)(3), an electronic signature of the filer as provided for in the system is permitted on electronic filings in the following form: /s/ John L. Doe.

   2)  The electronic filing of a motion or answer that includes an electronic signature constitutes a certification pursuant to Pa.R.J.C.P. 1344(C)(1) that the filing party or attorney has filed the motion in good faith.

   3)  Any motion that, pursuant to Rule 1344(C)(3), avers facts not of record and requiring a verification must be created in a physical paper form, have a physical signature placed on it, and then be converted into a .pdf before it may be electronically filed.

   4)  The original of a verified legal paper that is an electronic filing or is contained within an electronic filing shall be maintained by the electronic filer in either electronic or paper format and made available upon direction of the court or reasonable request of the signatory or opposing party.

 G.  Official Court Record Form. The court by local rule shall provide for the maintenance by the clerk of courts of an electronic file only, or of such electronic and physical paper format files as set forth in the local rule. Those legal papers that are not permitted to be electronically filed pursuant to paragraph (C) shall be maintained in a physical paper format only.

 H.  Service.

   1)  Upon the submission of a legal paper for electronic filing, the system shall provide an electronic notification to other parties and attorneys to the case who are participating in electronic filing that the legal paper has been submitted. This notification upon submission shall satisfy the service requirements of Rules 1167(B) and 1345(B) on any attorney or party who has established a system account.

   2)  Upon the acceptance by the clerk of courts office of a legal paper for electronic filing, the system shall provide an electronic notification to other parties and attorneys to the case who are participating in electronic filing that the legal paper has been accepted.

   3)  Service of electronic filings on any attorney or party who has not established a UJS web portal account or who is unable to file or receive legal papers electronically or otherwise unable to access the system shall be made by the procedures provided under Rules 1167(B) and 1345(B).

Comment
   This rule permits as a local practice the electronic filing of legal papers. This rule does not require the implementation of electronic filing by a local court. To provide a uniform system for electronic filing, the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts has developed the PACFile electronic filing system. This is the only authorized system for electronic filing of legal documents in dependency proceedings.

   Paragraph (B) requires that a judicial district that desires to participate in the electronic filing system must adopt a local rule to that effect. As part of the initial ‘‘opting into’’ electronic filing, this local rule must provide that participation is voluntary. Once a judicial district has allowed electronic filing for two years, participation may be made mandatory. Paragraph (B)(1)(b) requires that all judicial districts in which electronic filing is allowed must make accommodations for those parties who are unable to participate. In no event shall access to the court filing be precluded solely on the basis of participation in the electronic filing system.

   The UJS Portal contains other automated services beside PACFile. There may be circumstances when an attorney, who has registered as a user on another service of the UJS Portal, may have an established account that would be usable for PACFile. Any questions about the requirements of registration or accessibility to PACFile should be referred to the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts.

   The system permits a user to designate other users as proxies on individual cases. These proxies all receive notice of any filing in the case. It is anticipated that offices such as those of a county agency or advocate organization would be able to establish general user accounts with particular attorneys assigned and their supervisors or back-ups listed as proxies in individual cases.

   An attorney is responsible for the actions of other individuals whom the attorney authorizes to use the attorney’s account.

   The local rule required by this rule must conform to the requirements of Rule 1121 (Local Rules) and Rule of Judicial Administration 103 (Procedures for Adoption, Filing, and Publishing Rules).

   A file in physical paper format is not required by this rule. If the local rule requires a file in physical paper format, the requirement may extend to all cases or only to certain specified cases. For example, the court may require files in physical paper format for cases where an adjudicatory hearing has been scheduled while maintaining only electronic files for cases proceeding by informal adjustment or admission.

   Upon submission of the electronic filing of a legal paper, the electronic filing system shall automatically send notice of the filing to all parties who have agreed to service by electronic transmission, see paragraph (D) (Participation). If the electronic filing system sends notice of such filing, the party filing the legal paper only need serve those parties who are not served by the electronic filing system. An e-mail address set forth on letterhead is not a sufficient basis under this rule to permit electronic service of legal papers.

   Service pursuant to paragraph (H) is not intended to satisfy the notice requirements necessary to obtain a bench warrant pursuant to Pa.R.J.C.P. 1140.

   See Rule 1167(B) providing for the clerk of courts to serve orders and court notices by facsimile transmission or other means.

   See Rule 1345(B) governing service of motions and any written answers, and any notices or documents for which filing is required by facsimile transmission or other means.

   Official Note

   Rule 205 adopted December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1205 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 7573 (December 28, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1205 adopted December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 7573.

PART B. EMERGENCY CUSTODY

Rule 1210. Order for Protective Custody.
 (a) Application of Order. The application for a court order of protective custody may be orally made; however, the request shall be reduced to writing within 24 hours. The request shall set forth reasons for the need of protective custody and include whether the applicant has reason to know the child is an Indian child as defined in Rule 1120.

 (b) Finding of Court.

   (1)  A child may be taken into protective custody by court order when the court determines that removal of the child is necessary for the welfare and best interests of the child.

   (2)  At the time the court issues a protective custody order, the court shall inquire as to whether family finding efforts pursuant to Rule 1149 have been initiated by the county agency, and as to the efforts made by the applicant to determine whether the child is an Indian child and whether any participant has reason to know the child is an Indian child pursuant to Rule 1203. All responses shall be placed on the record.

   (3)  The order may initially be oral, provided that it is reduced to writing within 24 hours or the next court business day.

 (c)   Law Enforcement. The court may authorize a search of the premises by law enforcement or the county agency so that the premises may be entered into without authorization of the owner for the purpose of taking a child into protective custody.

 (d)   Contents of Order. The court order shall include:

   (1)  the name of the child sought to be protected;

   (2)  the date of birth of the child, if known;

   (3)  the whereabouts of the child, if known;

   (4)  the names and addresses of the guardians;

   (5)  the reasons for taking the child into protective custody;

   (6)  a finding whether reasonable efforts were made to prevent placement of the child;

   (7)  a finding whether the reasons for keeping the child in shelter care and that remaining in the home is contrary to the welfare and best interests of the child;

   (8)  findings and orders related to the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding; and

   (9)  findings as to whether there is reason to know the child is an Indian child pursuant to Rule 1203.

 (e)   Execution of Order. The court shall specify:

   (1)  the limitations of the order;

   (2)  the manner in which the order is to be executed; and

   (3)  who shall execute the order.

Comment:
   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6324 for statutory provisions concerning taking into custody.

   For a discussion of the due process requirements for taking a child into emergency custody, see Patterson v. Armstrong County Children and Youth Services, 141 F. Supp. 2d 512 (W.D. Pa. 2001).

   The court is to determine whether reasonable efforts, including services and family finding efforts, were made to prevent placement or in the case of an emergency placement where services were not offered and could not have prevented the necessity of placement, whether this level of effort was reasonable due to the emergency nature of the situation, safety considerations and circumstances of the family. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6332.

   See also In re Petition to Compel Cooperation with Child Abuse Investigation, 875 A.2d 365 (Pa. Super. 2005).

   The court is required to inquire and determine whether any participants have reason to know whether the child is an Indian child. The court is also required to advise the participants of their obligation to report to the court if they subsequently receive information that provides a reason to know the child is an Indian child. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 1203.

   Pursuant to subdivision (d)(8), the county agency should be looking for family and kin as a resource to aid and assist the family to prevent removal of the child from the home. When removal of the child is necessary, placement with family and kin will help reduce the potential trauma of the removal from the home. See Rule 1149 regarding family finding requirements.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1210 amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended December 23, 2024, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 244. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377967) to (377968).

PART C. SHELTER CARE

Rule 1240. Shelter Care Application.
 (a)   Filings. A shelter care application may be oral or in writing. If oral, the county agency shall file a written shelter care application within 24 hours of exercising protective custody pursuant to Rule 1210.

 (b)  Application Contents. Every shelter care application shall set forth:

   (1)  the name of the applicant;

   (2)  the name, date of birth, and address of the child, if known;

   (3)  the name and address of the child’s guardian, or if unknown, the name and address of the nearest adult relative;

   (4)  the date that the child was taken into custody;

   (5)  a concise statement of facts in support of the allegation of dependency;

   (6)  a statement detailing family finding efforts and:

     (i)   the reasonable efforts made to prevent placement; and

     (ii)   why there are no less restrictive alternatives available;

   (7)  a verification by the applicant that the facts set forth in the petition are true and correct to the applicant’s personal knowledge, information, or belief, and that any false statements are subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities;

   (8)  the signature of the applicant and the date of the execution of the application;

   (9)  the whereabouts of the child unless the county agency has determined it would pose a risk to the safety of the child or the guardian, or disclosure is prohibited by the court; and

   (10)  whether the applicant has reason to know the child is an Indian child as defined in Rule 1120.

Comment:
   In lieu of a shelter care application, the county agency may file a petition as set forth in Rule 1330.

   The primary focus of the shelter care application is to assert that protective custody is needed, and the child should remain in the custody of the county agency. A shelter care hearing is to be held within 72 hours of taking the child into protective custody. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 1242(d).

   Pursuant to subdivision (b)(6), the application is to contain a statement detailing the reasonable efforts made to prevent placement and the specific reasons why there are no less restrictive alternatives available. This statement may include information such as: 1) the circumstances of the case; 2) family finding efforts made by the county agency; 3) contact with family members or other kin; 4) the child’s educational, health care, and disability needs; and 5) any need for emergency actions.

   See Rule 1149 regarding family finding requirements.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1240 amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended December 23, 2024, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 244. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377968) to (377969).

Rule 1241. Notification of Shelter Care Hearing.
 A.  Generally. The applicant for the shelter care hearing shall notify the following persons of the date, time, and place of the shelter care hearing:

   1)  the child;

   2)  the guardian(s) of the child;

   3)  the attorney for the child;

   4)  the attorney(s) for the guardian(s);

   5)  the attorney for the county agency;

   6)  the county agency; and

   7)  any other appropriate person.

 B.  Counsel. The guardian of the child shall be notified of the right to counsel immediately after a child is taken into protective custody and before a shelter care hearing.

Comment
   Notice should be as timely as possible. Because there is a seventy-two hour time restriction, notice may be oral. Every possible attempt to notify all parties is to be made. It is not sufficient to notify only one guardian. All guardians are to be notified. See In re M.L., 562 Pa. 646, 757 A.2d 849 (2000).

   The hearing may go forward if a guardian is not present. However, if a guardian has not been notified, a rehearing is to be ordered under Rule 1243 upon submission of an affidavit by the guardian.

   The court is to direct the county agency to provide the child’s foster parent, preadoptive parent or relative providing care for the child with timely notice of the hearing. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6336.1.

   If a court appointed special advocate is involved in the case, the court appointed special advocate is to be notified as any other appropriate person pursuant to paragraph (A)(7).

   Official Note

   Rule 1241 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1241 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1242. Shelter Care Hearing.
 (a)  Informing of Rights. Upon commencement of the hearing, the court shall ensure that:

   (1)  a copy of the shelter care application is provided to the parties; and

   (2)  all parties are informed of the right to counsel.

 (b)  Manner of Hearing.

   (1)  Conduct. The hearing shall be conducted in an informal but orderly manner.

   (2)  Recording. If requested, or if ordered by the court, the hearing shall be recorded by appropriate means. If not so recorded, full minutes of the hearing shall be kept.

   (3)  Testimony and Evidence. All evidence helpful in determining the questions presented, including oral or written reports, may be received by the court and relied upon to the extent of its probative value even though not competent in the hearing on the petition. The child’s attorney, the guardian, if unrepresented, and the attorney for the guardian shall be afforded an opportunity to examine and controvert written reports so received.

   (4)  Advanced Communication Technology. Upon good cause shown, a court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 1129.

 (c)   Findings. The court shall determine whether:

   (1)  there are sufficient facts in support of the shelter care application;

   (2)  the county agency has reasonably engaged in family finding;

   (3)  custody of the child is warranted after consideration of the following factors:

     (i)   remaining in the home would be contrary to the welfare and best interests of the child;

     (ii)   reasonable efforts were made by the county agency to prevent the child’s placement;

     (iii)   the child’s placement is the least restrictive placement that meets the needs of the child, supported by reasons why there are no less restrictive alternatives available; and

     (iv)   the lack of efforts was reasonable in the case of an emergency placement where services were not offered;

   (4)  a person, other than the county agency, submitting a shelter care application, is a party to the proceedings;

   (5)  there are any special needs of the child that have been identified and that the court deems necessary to address while the child is in shelter care; and

   (6)  the county agency has made efforts to determine whether the child is an Indian child and whether any participant has reason to know the child is an Indian child pursuant to Rule 1203.

 (d)   Prompt Hearing. The court shall conduct a hearing within 72 hours of taking the child into protective custody. The parties shall not be permitted to waive the shelter care hearing.

 (e)   Court Order. At the conclusion of the shelter care hearing, the court shall enter a written order setting forth:

   (1)  its findings pursuant to subdivision (c);

   (2)  any conditions placed upon any party;

   (3)  any orders regarding family finding pursuant to Rule 1149;

   (4)  any orders for placement or temporary care of the child;

   (5)  any findings or orders necessary to ensure the stability and appropriateness of the child’s education, and when appropriate, the court shall appoint an educational decision maker pursuant to Rule 1147;

   (6)  any findings or orders necessary to identify, monitor, and address the child’s needs concerning health care and disability, if any, and if parental consent cannot be obtained, authorize evaluations and treatment needed;

   (7)  any orders of visitation; and

   (8)  whether there is reason to know the child is an Indian child pursuant to Rule 1203.

Comment:
   Pursuant to subdivision (b)(4), it is expected that the parties be present. Only upon good cause shown should advanced communication technology be utilized.

   Pursuant to subdivision (c), the court is to make a determination that the evidence presented with the shelter care application under Rule 1240 is supported by sufficient facts. After this determination, the court is to determine whether the custody of the child is warranted by requiring a finding that: 1) remaining in the home would be contrary to the health and welfare of the child; 2) reasonable efforts were made by the county agency to prevent the placement of the child; 3) the child was placed in the least restrictive placement available; and 4) if the child was taken into emergency placement without services being offered, the lack of efforts by the county agency was reasonable. Additionally, the court is to state the reasons why there are no less restrictive alternatives available.

   Family finding is to be initiated prior to the shelter care hearing. See Comment to Rule 1149 as to level of reasonableness.

   Pursuant to subdivision (c)(2), the court is to make a determination whether the county agency has reasonably engaged or is to engage in family finding in the case. The county agency will be required to report its diligent family finding efforts at subsequent hearings. See Rule 1149 for requirements of family finding. See also Rules 1408(b), 1512(D)(1)(h), 1514(a)(4), 1608(d)(1)(viii), and 1610(D) and their Comments for the court’s findings as to the county agency’s satisfaction of the family finding requirements and Rules 1210(d), 1409(c) and 1609(D) and Comments to Rules 1408, 1409, 1512, 1514, 1515, and 1608—1611 on the court’s orders.

   Pursuant to subdivision (c)(4), the court is to determine whether a person is a proper party to the proceedings. Regardless of the court’s findings on the party status, the court is to determine if the application is supported by sufficient evidence.

   The court is required to inquire and determine whether any participants have reason to know whether the child is an Indian child. The court is also required to advise the participants of their obligation to report to the court if they subsequently receive information that provides a reason to know the child is an Indian child. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 1203.

   Under subdivision (d), the court is to ensure a timely hearing. Nothing in subdivision (d) is intended to preclude the use of stipulations or agreements among the parties, subject to court review and acceptance at the shelter care hearing.

   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6332 (Informal Hearing).

   Pursuant to subdivision (e), the court is to enter a written order. It is important that the court address any special needs of the child while the child is in shelter care. The child’s attorney or the county agency is to present any educational, health care, and disability needs to the court, if known at the time of the hearing. These needs may include a child’s educational stability, needs concerning early intervention, remedial services, health care, and disability. If the court determines a child is in need of an educational decision maker, the court is to appoint an educational decision maker pursuant to Rule 1147.

   The court’s order should address the child’s educational stability, including the right to an educational decision maker. The order should address the child’s right to: 1) educational stability, including the right to: a) remain in the same school regardless of a change in placement when it is in the child’s best interest; b) immediate enrollment when a school change is in the child’s best interest; and c) have school proximity considered in all placement changes, 42 U.S.C. § §  675(1)(G) and 11431 et seq.; 2) an educational decision maker pursuant to Rule 1147, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301, 20 U.S.C. §  1439(a)(5), and 34 C.F.R. §  300.519; 3) an appropriate education, including any necessary special education, early intervention, or remedial services pursuant to 24 P.S. § §  13-1371 and 13-1372, 55 Pa. Code §  3130.87, and 20 U.S.C. § §  1400 et seq.; 4) the educational services necessary to support the child’s transition to successful adulthood pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351 if the child is 14 or older; and 5) a transition plan that addresses the child’s educational needs pursuant to 42 U.S.C. §  675(5)(H) if the child will age out of care within 90 days.

   When addressing the child’s health and disability needs, the court’s order should address the right of: 1) a child to receive timely and medically appropriate screenings and health care services, 55 Pa. Code §  3800.32 and 42 U.S.C. §  1396d(r); and 2) a child with disabilities to receive necessary accommodations, 42 U.S.C. §  12132, 28 C.F.R. § §  35.101 et seq., Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. §  794, and implementing regulations at 45 C.F.R. § §  84.1 et seq.

   Pursuant to the Juvenile Act, the court has authority to order a physical or mental examination of a child and medical or surgical treatment of a minor, who is suffering from a serious physical condition or illness which requires prompt treatment in the opinion of a physician. The court may order the treatment even if the guardians have not been given notice of the pending hearing, are not available, or without good cause inform the court that they do not consent to the treatment. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6339(b).

   Nothing in this rule prohibits informal conferences, narrowing of issues, if necessary, and the court making appropriate orders to expedite the case. The shelter care hearing may be used as a vehicle to discuss the matters needed and narrow the issues. The court is to ensure a timely adjudicatory hearing is held.

   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6339 for orders of physical and mental examinations and treatment.

   See Rule 1330(a) for filing of a petition.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1242 amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended May 16, 2017, effective July 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 3078; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791; amended December 23, 2024, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 244. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377970) and (414845) to (414846).

Rule 1243. Shelter Care Rehearings.
 A.  Mandatory Rehearing. If the guardian submits an affidavit to the county agency alleging that the guardian was not notified of the shelter care hearing and that the guardian did not appear or waive appearance at the shelter care hearing, a rehearing shall be held within seventy-two hours of the submission of the affidavit.

 B.  Discretionary Rehearing. The court may grant a rehearing upon request of a party or on its own motion.

 C.  Forum. The judge, who heard the original shelter care hearing or adopted the findings of the juvenile court hearing officer, shall hold the rehearing, unless the judge assigns the case to a juvenile court hearing officer.

Comment
   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6332(b).

   Under paragraph (A), upon receiving an affidavit, the county agency is to schedule a rehearing, forward the affidavit to the proper person to schedule a rehearing, or submit the affidavit to the court for rescheduling.

   Under paragraph (C), only a judge may hold a rehearing, unless the judge orders a juvenile court hearing officer to hear the case.

   Official Note

   Rule 1243 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1243 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1243 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1243 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (387267).


























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter13/chap13toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 13. PRE-ADJUDICATORY PROCEDURES
PART A. VENUE
Rule


1300.    Venue.
1302.    Intercounty Transfer.
PART B. APPLICATION FOR PRIVATE PETITION

1320.    Application to File a Private Petition.
1321.    Hearing on Application for Private Petition.
PART C. PETITION

1330.    Petition: Filing, Contents, Function, Aggravated Circumstances.
1331.    Service of Petition.
1333.    Separate Petitions and Consolidated Hearing.
1334.    Amendment of Petition.
1335.    Withdrawal of Petition.
1336.    Re-Filing of the Petition After Withdrawal or Dismissal.
PART D. PROCEDURES FOLLOWING FILING OF PETITION

1340.    Discovery and Inspection.
1342.    Pre-Adjudicatory Conference.
PART D(1). MOTION PROCEDURES

1344.    Motions and Answers.
1345.    Filing and Service.
PART D(2). ADJUDICATORY SUMMONS AND NOTICE PROCEDURES

1360.    Adjudicatory Summons.
1361.    Adjudicatory Notice.
1363.    Service of Summons.
1364.    Failure to Appear on the Summons.
PART E. PRESERVATION OF TESTIMONY AND EVIDENCE

1380.    Preservation of Testimony After Commencement of Proceedings.
1381.    Preservation of Testimony by Video Recording.
PART A. VENUE

Rule 1300. Venue.
 A.  Generally. A dependency proceeding shall be commenced in:

   1)  the county in which the child is present; or

   2)  the child’s county of residence.

 B.  Change of Venue. At any time prior to the adjudicatory hearing, for the convenience of parties and witnesses, the court, upon its own motion or motion of any party, may transfer an action to the appropriate court of any county where the action could originally have been brought or could be brought at the time of filing the motion to change venue.

 C.  Transmission of All Records. If there is a change of venue ordered pursuant to paragraph (B), within five days:

   1)  the transferring county’s clerk of courts shall inform the receiving county’s clerk of courts of the manner in which certified copies of all documents, reports, and summaries in the child’s official court record will be transferred;

   2)  the transferring county’s clerk of courts shall transfer certified copies of all documents, reports, and summaries in the child’s official court record to the receiving county’s clerk of courts;

   3)  the transferring county agency shall transfer all its records to the receiving county agency;

   4)  the receiving county’s clerk of courts shall notify its county agency and the transferring county’s clerk of courts of its receipt of the official court records; and

   5)  the receiving county agency shall schedule the next court proceeding in accordance with the time requirements of these Rules.

 D.  Continuation of Services. To ensure there is no interruption in services, the transferring county agency is to continue services until the case transfer has been completed, which occurs when the receiving county’s clerk of court notifies of receipt of the official court record as provided in paragraph (C)(4).

Comment
   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6321(b).

   For procedures regarding motions and answers, see Rule 1344. In addition to the procedures for service of orders under Rule 1167, an order changing venue is to be served upon the new county agency and the receiving court so they may begin proceedings in the receiving county.

   Pursuant to paragraph (C), all records are to be transferred within five days of the order for change in venue. Nothing in this rule prohibits the use of electronic means when transferring and receiving records, but the manner in which records are transmitted must be communicated. If there is an electronic transfer, the receiving county is to send an electronic confirmation of receipt of the records as the return receipt. The transferring county’s clerk of courts is to docket the confirmation of receipt of records by the receiving county and may close the case once the confirmation has been received.

   For transfer of agency records, see 55 Pa. Code §  3490.401.

   Official Note

   Rule 1300 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended April 28, 2020, effective October 1, 2020.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1300 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1300 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1300 published with the Court’s Order at 50 Pa.B. 2389 (May 9, 2020).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1300 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended April 28, 2020, effective October 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 2389. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (347634).

Rule 1302. Intercounty Transfer.
 A.  Best Interest of the Child. Any time after the adjudicatory hearing, upon motion of a party or court, a court may consider the transfer of a case to another county if the transfer is best suited to the safety, protection, and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child.

 B.  Notice. The court shall serve notice of a hearing upon the parties. The county agency in the proposed receiving county shall receive notice of the hearing and be granted standing to participate in the hearing.

 C.  Hearing. The hearing should be conducted in the transferring county no more than 20 days from the date of the notice in paragraph (B). The county agency in the proposed receiving county shall be permitted to appear at the hearing utilizing advance communication technology.

 D.  Acceptance of Jurisdiction. If the court in the transferring county finds that a proposed transfer would be in the child’s best interest and would result in a transfer between judicial districts:

   1)  the court shall communicate with the president judge or designee of the receiving judicial district to ascertain whether jurisdiction will be accepted;

   2)  a record of the communication shall be made and served promptly by the court on the parties; and

   3)  upon service of the record of the communication, the parties shall have five days to file written responses with the court regarding the decision to accept jurisdiction.

 E.  Order.

   1)  An order approving a transfer shall specify an effective date for the transfer no less than ten days from date of the order to allow for the coordination of services and preparation of the official court record for transmission.

   2)  The court shall direct the clerk of courts to serve the order upon the parties, the receiving county agency, and the president judge or designee of the receiving court, if applicable.

 F.  Matters of Cooperation between Courts. Communication between courts on schedules, calendars, court records, and similar matters may occur without informing the parties. A record need not be made of the communication.

 G.  Receiving Court. On or before the effective date of the order established in paragraph (E)(1), the receiving court shall enter an order:

   1)  accepting jurisdiction of the case as of the effective date;

   2)  appointing a guardian ad litem and counsel, if necessary;

   3)  directing the clerk of courts to serve the order upon the transferring court, if necessary, the county agencies, the parties, and the transferring county’s clerk of courts;

   4)  directing the receiving county agency to conduct a home visit and safety assessment consistent with the requirements of 55 Pa. Code §  3490.401; and

   5)  scheduling a review hearing to occur within 30 days.

 H.  Transmission of Official Court Record.

   1)  The transferring county’s clerk of courts shall inform the clerk of the receiving court of the manner in which certified copies of all documents, reports, and summaries in the child’s official court record will be transferred.

   2)  On the effective date of the transfer, the transferring county’s clerk of courts shall transmit certified copies of all documents, reports, and summaries in the child’s official court record to the clerk of the court of the receiving county.

   3)  The receiving county’s clerk of courts shall notify its county agency and the transferring court of its receipt of the official court records.

 I.  County Agencies. The transferring county agency shall continue services until the effective date of the transfer.

Comment
   If proceedings are commenced in a county other than the county of the child’s residence, then a change of venue should be sought pursuant to Rule 1300 prior to adjudication.

   The child’s best interest concerning an intercounty transfer includes, but is not limited to, the child’s current or anticipated county of residence, the resources of the receiving county, and needs of the child and family. A proposed transfer between judicial districts is not in the child’s best interest unless the court of the receiving judicial district accepts jurisdiction.

   Service of the acceptance order on the transferring court pursuant to paragraph (G)(3) is unnecessary if the transfer occurs within the same judicial district.

   The period between the order approving the transfer and the effective date of the transfer is intended to prepare for the case transfer. The county agencies are expected to communicate prior to the actual transfer of a case to another county so that efforts can be coordinated and services transitioned without interruption. Coordination includes the inter-agency transfer of records maintained by the county agency that are not otherwise included in the official court record. See 55 Pa. Code §  3490.401. This period also allows the clerk to prepare the official court record for transmission to the receiving county on the effective date of the transfer.

   Nothing in this rule prohibits the use of electronic means when transferring and receiving records. However, if there is an electronic transfer, the receiving county is to send an electronic confirmation of receipt of the records as the return receipt. The transferring county’s clerk of courts is to docket the confirmation of receipt of records by the receiving county and may close the case once the confirmation has been received.

   Upon receiving the order accepting the case, the transferring court may order the termination of court supervision pursuant to Rule 1631(A)(12).

   Official Note

   Rule 1302 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Rescinded and replaced April 28, 2020, effective October 1, 2020.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1302 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1302 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the rescission and replacement of Rule 1302 published with the Court’s Order at 50 Pa.B. 2389 (May 9, 2020).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1302 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; rescinded and replaced April 28, 2020, effective October 1, 2020, 50 Pa.B. 2389. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (347634) and (387269).

PART B. APPLICATION FOR PRIVATE PETITION

Rule 1320. Application to File a Private Petition.
 (a)   Application Contents. Any person, other than the county agency, may present an application to file a private petition with the court. The application shall include the following information:

   (1)  the name of the person applying for a petition;

   (2)  the name of the alleged dependent child;

   (3)  the relationship of the person presenting this application to the child and to any other parties;

   (4)  if known, the following:

     (i)   the date of birth and address of the child;

     (ii)   the name and address of the child’s guardian, or the name and address of the nearest adult relative;

     (iii)   whether the applicant has reason to know the child is an Indian child as defined in Rule 1120;

     (iv)   a statement, including court file numbers where possible, of pending juvenile or family court proceedings and prior or present juvenile or family court orders relating to the child;

   (5)  a concise statement of facts in support of the allegations for which the application for a petition has been filed;

   (6)  a statement that the applying person has reported the circumstances underlying this application to the county agency or a reason for not having reported the circumstances underlying the application;

   (7)  a verification by the person making the application that the facts set forth in the application are true and correct to the person’s personal knowledge, information, or belief, and that any false statements are subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities; and

   (8)  the signature of the person and the date of the execution of the application for a petition.

 (b)   Notice to County Agency. Upon receipt of an application, the court shall provide a copy of the application to the county agency. The county agency shall thereafter receive notice of the hearing.

Comment:
   Any person, other than the county agency, shall first file an application to file a petition under this rule. Rule 1800 suspends 42 Pa.C.S. §  6334 to the extent it is inconsistent with this rule.

   See Rule 1321 for hearing on application.

   This rule is not intended to preclude the county agency from seeking to intervene and participate in the hearing on the application. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 1133 (Motion to Intervene).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1320 amended May 12, 2008, effective May 12, 2008, 38 Pa.B. 2360; amended May 16, 2017, effective July 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 3079; amended December 23, 2024, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 244. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (402215) to (402216).

Rule 1321. Hearing on Application for Private Petition.
 (a)   Hearing. The court shall conduct a hearing within 14 days of the presentation of the application for a petition to determine:

   (1)  if there are sufficient facts alleged to support a petition of dependency;

   (2)  the efforts made by the applicant to determine whether the child is an Indian child and whether any participant has reason to know the child is an Indian child pursuant to Rule 1203; and

   (3)  whether the person applying for the petition is a proper party to the proceedings.

 (b)   Findings.

   (1)  The court shall make a finding as to whether there is reason to know the child is an Indian child pursuant to Rule 1203.

   (2)  If the court finds sufficient facts to support a petition of dependency, then the applicant may file a petition pursuant to Rule 1330.

   (3)  If the court finds the person making the application for a petition is a proper party to the proceedings, then the person shall be afforded all rights and privileges given to a party pursuant to law.

 (c)  Joinder. Following grant of an application under this rule, the county agency shall be joined as a party in any further proceedings upon filing and service of a private petition pursuant to Rules 1330 and 1331.

Comment:
   Under subdivision (a), at a hearing, the court is to determine if: 1) there are sufficient facts alleged to support a petition of dependency; and 2) the applying person is a proper party to the proceedings. A petition of dependency may go forward regardless of whether the applicant is determined to be a party to the proceedings.

   If a child is in custody, the hearing under subdivision (a) may be combined with the shelter care hearing pursuant to Rule 1242.

   The court is required to inquire and determine whether any participants have reason to know whether the child is an Indian child. The court is also required to advise the participants of their obligation to report to the court if they subsequently receive information that provides a reason to know the child is an Indian child. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 1203.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1321 amended May 16, 2017, effective July 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 3079; amended December 23, 2024, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 244. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (402216) and (414849).

PART C. PETITION

Rule 1330. Petition: Filing, Contents, Function, Aggravated Circumstances.
 (a)   Filings.

   (1)  A dependency petition may be filed at any time; however, if a child is taken into custody, the requirements of subdivision (a)(2) shall be met.

   (2)  Within 24 hours of the shelter care hearing, the county agency shall file a dependency petition with the clerk of courts if:

     (i)   the child remains in protective custody pursuant to Rule 1201, 1202 or 1210; or

     (ii)   the child is not in protective custody but it is determined at a shelter care hearing pursuant to Rule 1242 that the filing of a dependency petition is appropriate.

 (b)  Petition Contents. Every petition shall set forth plainly:

   (1)  the name of the petitioner;

   (2)  the name, date of birth, and address of the child, if known;

   (3)  the name and address of the child’s guardian, or if unknown, the name and address of the nearest adult relative;

   (4)  whether the petitioner has reason to know the child is an Indian child as defined in Rule 1120;

   (5)  a statement:

     (i)   that it is in the best interest of the child and the public that the proceedings be brought; and

     (ii)   whether the child is currently under the supervision of the county agency;

   (6)  a statement detailing family finding efforts and whether the county agency is seeking placement:

     (i)   the reasonable efforts made to prevent placement; and

     (ii)   why there are no less restrictive alternatives available;

   (7)  a concise statement of facts in support of the allegations for which the petition has been filed with

     (i)   facts for each allegation set forth separately; and

     (ii)   the relevant statute or code section set forth specifically for each allegation;

   (8)  a verification by the petitioner that the facts set forth in the petition are true and correct to the petitioner’s personal knowledge, information, or belief, and that any false statements are subject to the penalties of 18 Pa.C.S. §  4904, relating to unsworn falsification to authorities;

   (9)  the signature of the petitioner and the date of the execution of the petition; and

   (10)  the whereabouts of the child unless disclosure is prohibited by court order and if taken into custody, the date and time thereof.

 (c)  Aggravated Circumstances. A motion for finding of aggravated circumstances may be brought in the petition pursuant to Rule 1701(A).

Comment:
   Petitions should be filed without unreasonable delay.

   Rule 1800 suspends 42 Pa.C.S. §  6331 only as to the time requirement of when a petition is to be filed.

   Subdivision (a)(2) requires that the county agency file a petition. Any other person, other than the county agency, is to file an application to file a petition under Rule 1320. Rule 1800 suspends 42 Pa.C.S. §  6334, which provides any person may file a petition.

   For the safety or welfare of a child or a guardian, the court may order that the addresses of the child or a guardian not be disclosed to specified individuals.

   Pursuant to subdivision (b)(6), when the county agency is seeking placement, the petition is to include the reasonable efforts made to prevent placement, including efforts for family finding, and why there are no less restrictive alternatives available. See Rule 1149 for family finding requirements. See also Rule 1242(c)(2), (c)(3)(ii)-(c)(3)(iii), and Comments to Rules 1242, 1409, 1515, and 1608—1611 for reasonable efforts determinations.

   If a petition is filed after the county agency has discontinued family finding for non-court cases, the county agency is to aver reasons for the discontinuance in the petition. See 67 Pa.C.S. §  7503.

   A motion for finding of aggravated circumstances may be brought in a dependency petition. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 1701(A). If aggravated circumstances are determined to exist after the filing of a petition, a written motion is to be filed pursuant to Rules 1701 and 1344.

   The aggravated circumstances, as defined by 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302, are to be specifically identified in the motion for finding of aggravated circumstances.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1330 amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended November 30, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7632; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791; amended December 23, 2024, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 244. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (414849) to (414850).

Rule 1331. Service of Petition.
 A.  Copy. Upon the filing of a petition, a copy of the petition shall be served promptly upon the child, the child’s guardian, the child’s attorney, the guardian’s attorney, the attorney for the county agency, and the county agency.

 B.  Method of Service.

   1)  Child and guardian. The petition shall be served upon the child and all of the child’s guardians by:

     a)   certified mail, return receipt requested and first-class mail; or

     b)   delivery in-person.

   2)  Attorneys and the county agency. The petition shall be served upon the attorneys and county agency by:

     a)   first-class mail;

     b)   delivery in-person; or

     c)   another agreed upon alternative method.

 C.  Proof of service. An affidavit of service shall be filed prior to the adjudicatory hearing.

Comment
   Under paragraph (B)(1), if a parent is not the child’s custodial guardian, the parent is to also receive service of the petition. See Rule 1120 for definition of ‘‘guardian.’’

   Alternative methods of services that may be utilized under paragraph (B)(2)(c) could be electronic transmission, facsimile, county agency inter-office mail, and other similar methods.

   Official Note

   Rule 1331 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1331 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1333. Separate Petitions and Consolidated Hearing.
 A.  A separate petition for dependency shall be filed for each child alleged to be dependent.

 B.  If there are multiple petitions filed alleging the dependency of siblings, there shall be a reference in each petition to the sibling’s petition.

 C.  Petitions alleging the dependency of siblings shall be consolidated for one hearing, unless otherwise ordered by the court.

   Official Note

   Rule 1333 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1333 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1334. Amendment of Petition.
 A.  Amendment.

   1)  Mandatory. The court shall allow a petition to be amended when there is a defect in:

     a)   form;

     b)   the description of the allegations;

     c)   the description of any person or property; or

     d)   the date alleged.

   2)  Discretionary. Absent prejudice to any party, the court may allow a petition to be amended if the petition alleges a different set of events or allegations, where the elements or matters of proof by any party are materially different from the elements or matters of proof to the allegation originally petitioned.

 B.  Continuance. Upon amendment, the court may:

   1)  grant a continuance of the adjudicatory hearing; or

   2)  order other relief as is necessary in the interests of justice.

Comment
   If a petition is amended, a continuance may be appropriate to allow a party to prepare adequately.

   For continuances, see Rule 1122.

   Official Note

   Rule 1334 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1334 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1335. Withdrawal of Petition.
 The attorney for the county agency may withdraw the petition. The withdrawal shall be filed with the clerk of courts.

Comment
   See Rule 1345 for the procedures on filings and service.

   Official Note

   Rule 1335 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1335 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1336. Re-Filing of the Petition After Withdrawal or Dismissal.
 A.  Re-filing. A petition may be re-filed after the petition has been withdrawn pursuant to Rule 1335 or dismissed by the court.

 B.  Motion for dismissal. The court may entertain a motion by any party to dismiss the re-filed petition.

Comment
   If a petition is re-filed, the procedures of Rule 1330 are to be followed. It may be necessary to have a shelter care hearing under the procedures of Rule 1242.

   Official Note

   Rule 1336 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1336 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

PART D. PROCEDURES FOLLOWING FILING OF PETITION

Rule 1340. Discovery and Inspection.
 A.  Informal. Before any party can seek any disclosure or discovery under these rules, the parties or their counsel shall make a good faith effort to resolve all questions of discovery, and to provide information required or requested under these rules as to which there is no dispute. When there are items requested by one party that the other party has refused to disclose, the demanding party may make an appropriate motion to the court. Such motion shall be made as soon as possible prior to the hearing. In such motion, the party shall state that a good faith effort to discuss the requested material has taken place and proved unsuccessful. Nothing in this rule shall delay the disclosure of any items agreed upon by the parties pending resolution of any motion for discovery.

 B.  Mandatory disclosure.

   1)  By the county agency. In all cases, on request by a party and subject to any protective order which the county agency might obtain under this rule, the county agency shall disclose to a party, all of the following requested items or information, provided they are material to the instant case. The county agency shall, when applicable, permit a party to inspect and copy or photograph such items:

     a)   the name and last known address of each witness to the occurrence that forms the basis of allegations of dependency unless disclosure is prohibited by law;

     b)   the name and last known address of each witness who did not witness the occurrence but is expected to testify;

     c)   copies of any written statements made by any party or witness unless disclosure is prohibited by law;

     d)   any results or reports of scientific tests or expert opinions that are within the possession or control of the county agency that the county agency intends to use as evidence at a hearing;

     e)   any police reports, records of prior county agency involvement, or records of current or prior reports involving the Child Protective Services Law, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., that the county agency intends to use as evidence at a hearing;

     f)   if any physical or mental condition of a party is in controversy, any physical or mental examinations, including oral or written reports that a party intends to use as evidence at the hearing;

     g)   any tangible objects, including documents, photographs, or other tangible evidence unless disclosure is prohibited by law;

     h)   the names, addresses, and curriculum vitae of any expert witness that a party intends to call at a hearing and the subject matter about which each expert witness is expected to testify, and a summary of the grounds for each opinion to be offered; and

     i)   any other evidence that is material to adjudication, disposition, dispositional review, or permanency unless disclosure is prohibited by law, and is within the possession or control of the county agency;

   2)  By all other parties. All other parties shall provide discovery to the county agency and all other parties and shall disclose, all of the following requested items or information that the party intends to use at a hearing, provided they are material to the instant case unless disclosure is prohibited by law. The party shall, when applicable, permit the county agency to inspect and copy or photograph such items:

     a)   the names and last known addresses of each witness who is expected to testify;

     b)   copies of any written statements made by any party or witness;

     c)   any tangible objects, including documents, photographs, or other tangible evidence;

     d)   the names, addresses, and curriculum vitae of any expert witness that a party intends to call at a hearing and the subject matter about which each expert witness is expected to testify, and a summary of the grounds for each opinion to be offered; and

     e)   any other evidence that a party intends to introduce at a hearing.

 C.  Discretionary. Upon motion of any party for discovery, the court may order any discovery upon a showing that the evidence is material to the preparation of the case and that the request is reasonable.

 D.  Continuing Duty to Disclose. If, prior to or during a hearing, either party discovers additional evidence or material previously requested or ordered to be disclosed by it, which is subject to discovery or inspection under this rule, or the identity of an additional witness or witnesses, such party promptly shall notify the opposing party or the court of the additional evidence, material, or witness.

 E.  Remedy. If at any time during the course of the proceedings it is brought to the attention of the court that a party has failed to comply with this rule, the court may order such party to permit discovery or inspection, may grant a continuance, or may prohibit such party from introducing evidence or witnesses not disclosed, or it may enter such other order as it deems just under the circumstances.

 F.  Protective orders. Upon a sufficient showing, the court may at any time order that the discovery or inspection be denied, restricted, or deferred, or make such other order as is appropriate to protect the best interests of the child. Upon motion of any party, the court may permit the showing to be made, in whole or in part, in the form of a written statement to be inspected by the court. If the court enters an order granting relief, the entire text of the statement shall be sealed and preserved in the records of the court to be made available to the appellate court(s) in the event of an appeal.

 G.  Work Product. Disclosure shall not be required of legal research or of records, correspondence, reports, or memoranda to the extent that they contain the opinions, theories, or conclusions of the attorney for a party, or members of their legal staffs.

Comment
   Discovery under this rule applies to discovery for the adjudicatory hearing, dispositional hearing, dispositional review hearings, or permanency hearings of dependency proceedings governed by the Juvenile Act. See Rule 1100 for scope of rules. See Rule 1123 for production of documents pursuant to a subpoena duces tecum. See also In re A.H., 763 A.2d 873 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2000).

   The purpose of paragraph (A) is to encourage an informal discovery process. Only when the informal process fails and there is a genuine dispute as to discovery, should a motion to compel discovery be made. Motions may be oral or written, see Rule 1344.

   The items listed in paragraph (B) are to be disclosed to ensure a party has the ability to prepare adequately for the hearing. See In re J.C., 412 Pa. Super. 369, 603 A.2d 627 (1992).

   See Rule 1800 for suspension of 23 Pa.C.S. §  6339, which provides for the confidentiality of reports made pursuant to the Child Protective Services Law, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., which is suspended only insofar as the Law is inconsistent with Rule 1340(B)(1)(e), which provides for the disclosure of such reports if the reports are going to be used as evidence in a hearing to prove dependency of a child. It is important to note that this section is only suspended if the reports are going to be used as evidence during a hearing. If the reports are not going to be used, the confidentiality requirements of 23 Pa.C.S. §  6339 still apply. In addition, confidential sources are protected and the name of the source does not have to be disclosed. See 23 Pa.C.S. §  6340 (c) for protection of confidential sources reporting allegations of abuse under the Child Protective Services Law. 23 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq.

   Under paragraph (C), the following are examples of evidence that may be material to the preparation of the case, but the list is not meant to be exhaustive: 1) domestic violence treatment records; 2) drug and alcohol treatment records; 3) mental health records; 4) medical records; 5) any other evidence specifically identified, provided the requesting party can additionally establish that its disclosure would be in the interests of justice, including any information concerning any person involved in the case who has received either valuable consideration, or an oral or written promise or contract for valuable consideration, for information concerning the case, or for the production of any work describing the case, or for the right to depict the character of the person in connection with his or her involvement in the case. Items listed in this paragraph are subject to rules of confidentiality and this rule is not intended to subrogate those rules.

   Under paragraph (C), the court has discretion, upon motion, to order an expert who is expected to testify at a hearing to prepare a report. However, these provisions are not intended to require a prepared report in every case. The court should determine, on a case-by-case basis, whether a report should be prepared. For example, a prepared report ordinarily would not be necessary when the expert is known to the parties and testifies about the same subject on a regular basis. On the other hand, a report might be necessary if the expert is not known to the parties or is going to testify about a new or controversial technique.

   It is intended that the remedies provided in paragraph (E) apply equally to all parties, as the interests of justice require.

   The provision for a protective order, paragraph (F), does not confer upon any party any right of appeal not presently afforded by law.

   In addition to information requested under this rule, an attorney has the right to inspect all court records and files. See Rule 1160.

   Official Note

   Rule 1340 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1340 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1342. Pre-Adjudicatory Conference.
 A.  Scope of conference. At any time after the filing of a petition, upon motion, or upon its own motion, the court may order the parties to appear before it for a conference.

 B.  Objections. The parties shall have the right to record an objection to rulings of the court during the conference.

 C.  Record. The court shall place on the record the agreements or objections made by the parties and rulings made by the court as to any of the matters considered in the pre-adjudicatory conference. Such order shall control the subsequent proceedings unless modified at the adjudicatory hearing to prevent injustice.

Comment
   This rule does not prevent other forms of pre-adjudicatory conferences. A judge may order a pre-adjudicatory conference between parties without the judge’s presence at the conference to discuss preliminary matters.

   Under paragraph (A), the court may consider: 1) the terms and procedures for pre-adjudicatory discovery and inspection; 2) the simplification or stipulation of factual issues, including admissibility of evidence; 3) the qualification of exhibits as evidence to avoid unnecessary delay; 4) the number of witnesses who are to give testimony of a cumulative nature; 5) whether expert witnesses will be called; 6) whether the hearing will be scheduled in front of the juvenile court hearing officer or judge; and 7) such other matters as may aid in the disposition of the proceeding.

   Official Note

   Rule 1342 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1342 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1342 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1342 amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (326083) to (326084).

PART D(1). MOTION PROCEDURES

Rule 1344. Motions and Answers.
 A.  Generally. All motions and answers shall be made orally on the record or in writing. An answer to a motion is not required unless ordered by the court or otherwise provided in these rules. Failure to answer shall not constitute an admission of the well-pleaded facts alleged in the motion.

 B.  Filings by attorneys. If a party is represented by an attorney, the attorney shall make or file all motions and answers.

 C.  Requirements for motions. All motions shall comply with the following requirements:

   1)  The person making a written motion shall sign the motion. The signature shall constitute a certification that the motion is made in good faith. An oral motion shall be made on the record and the oral motion shall constitute a certification that the motion is made in good faith.

   2)  The motion shall state with particularity the grounds for the motion, the facts that support each ground, and the types of relief or order requested.

   3)  If the motion sets forth facts that do not already appear of record in the case, a verification shall be included or an oral statement shall be given that the facts set forth in the motion are true and correct to the movant’s personal knowledge, information, or belief.

   4)  If the motion is written, a certificate of service as required by Rule 1345(C) shall be included.

 D.  Requirements for answers. All answers, including those that are required either by court order or otherwise required by these rules, shall comply with the following requirements:

   1)  The person making the answer shall sign the answer or shall reply to the motion on the record. The signature or oral answer on the record shall constitute a certification that the answer is being made in good faith.

   2)  The answer shall meet the allegations of the motion and shall specify the type of relief, order, or other action sought.

   3)  If the answer sets forth facts that do not already appear of record in the case, a verification shall be included or an oral answer shall include a statement that the facts set forth in the answer are true and correct to the respondent’s personal knowledge, information, or belief.

   4)  If the answer is written, a certificate of service as required by Rule 1345(C) shall be included.

 E.  Alternative relief. Any motion may request such alternative relief as may be appropriate.

Comment
   Under paragraph (A), oral motions and answers are permitted because of the emphasis on prompt disposition in juvenile court. Answers to written motions may be made orally if the answer complies with the requirements of this rule.

   Under paragraphs (C)(4) and (D)(4), a certificate of service is required for all written motions and answers. See Rule 1345(B) for service of documents and Rule 1345(C) for certificates of service.

   Official Note

   Rule 1344 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1344 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1345. Filing and Service.
 A.  Filings.

   1)  Generally. Except as otherwise provided in these rules, all written motions, and any notice or document for which filing is required, shall be filed with the clerk of courts.

   2)  Clerk of Courts’ Duties. Except as provided in paragraph (A)(3), the clerk of courts shall docket a written motion, notice, or document when it is received and record the time of filing in the docket. The clerk of courts promptly shall transmit a copy of these papers to such person as may be designated by the court.

   3)  Filings by Represented Parties. In any case in which a party is represented by an attorney, if the party submits for filing a written motion, notice, or document that has not been signed by the party’s attorney, the clerk of courts shall not file the motion, notice, or document in the child’s official court record or make a docket entry, but shall forward it promptly to the party’s attorney.

   4)  Method of Filing. Filing may be accomplished by:

     a)   personal delivery to the clerk of courts;

     b)   mail addressed to the clerk of courts, provided, however, that filing by mail shall be timely only when actually received by the clerk within the time fixed for filing; or

     c)   in a judicial district that permits electronic filing pursuant to Rule 1205, as provided in Rule 1205(E).

 B.  Service.

   1)  Generally. The party filing the document shall serve the other party concurrently with the filing.

   2)  Method of Service to Parties. Service on the parties shall be:

     a)   by personal delivery of a copy to a party’s attorney, or, if unrepresented, the party;

     b)   by mailing a copy to a party’s attorney or leaving a copy for the attorney at the attorney’s office;

     c)   in a judicial district that maintains in the courthouse assigned boxes for counsel to receive service, by leaving a copy for the attorney in the attorney’s box;

     d)   by sending a copy to an unrepresented party by first class mail addressed to the party’s place of residence; or

     e)   as provided in Rule 1205(D)(2) and (H)(1) in a judicial district that permits electronic filing pursuant to Rule 1205.

 C.  Proof of Service. All documents that are filed and served pursuant to this rule shall include a certificate of service.

Comment
   See Rule 1166 for maintaining records in the clerk of courts.

   Under paragraph (A)(2), the court is to designate a court official to process motions and other matters for appropriate scheduling and resolution.

   Under paragraph (B)(1), the party filing a document is required to serve the other party.

   This rule does not affect court orders, which are to be served upon each party’s attorney and the guardian, if unrepresented, by the clerk of courts as provided in Rule 1167.

   For the procedures for electronic filing and service as a local option, see Rule 1205.

   For service of petitions, see Rule 1331.

   Official Note

   Rule 1345 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately. Amended December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1345 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1345 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 222 (January 9, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1345 published with the Court’s Order at 49 Pa.B. 7573 (December 28, 2019).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1345 amended December 24, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 222; amended December 12, 2019, effective June 1, 2020, 49 Pa.B. 7573. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (347637) to (347638).

PART D(2). ADJUDICATORY SUMMONS AND NOTICE PROCEDURES

Rule 1360. Adjudicatory Summons.
 A.  Summons. The court shall issue a summons compelling all parties to appear for the adjudicatory hearing.

 B.  Order appearance. The court may order the person having the physical custody or control of the child to bring the child to the hearing.

 C.  Requirements. The summons shall:

   1)  be in writing;

   2)  set forth the date, time, and place of the adjudicatory hearing;

   3)  instruct the child and the guardian about their rights to counsel, and if the child’s guardian is without financial resources or otherwise unable to employ counsel, the right to assigned counsel;

   4)  give a warning stating that the failure to appear for the hearing may result in arrest; and

   5)  include a copy of the petition unless the petition has been previously served.

Comment
   Section 6335 of the Juvenile Act provides that the court is to direct the issuance of a summons to the parent, guardian, or other custodian, a guardian ad litem, and any other persons as appear to the court to be proper and necessary parties to the proceedings. It also provides for ordering the person having the physical custody or control of the child to bring the child to the proceeding. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335. Pursuant to Rule 1361, all parents and relatives providing care for the child are to receive notice of the hearing. Under paragraph (A), the custodial guardian is to receive a summons.

   Other persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the hearing. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333.

   Section 6335(a) of the Juvenile Act requires a copy of the petition to accompany the summons. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335(a). Under paragraph (C)(5), a petition is to be included with the summons and served pursuant to Rule 1363 unless the petition has already been served pursuant to Rule 1331. See Rule 1800 for suspension of 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335, only to the extent that it conflicts with this rule.

   See Rule 1128 for presence at proceedings. See Rule 1124 for general summons procedures.

   Official Note

   Rule 1360 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1360 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1361. Adjudicatory Notice.
 The court shall give notice of the adjudicatory hearing to:

   1)  the attorney for the county agency;

   2)  the child’s attorney;

   3)  the guardian’s attorney;

   4)  the parents, child’s foster parent, preadoptive parent, or relative providing care for the child;

   5)  the county agency;

   6)  the court appointed special advocate, if assigned; and

   7)  any other persons as directed by the court.

Comment
   All parties are to receive a summons pursuant to Rule 1360.

   Official Note

   Rule 1361 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1361 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1363. Service of Summons.
 A.  Method of Service. The summons shall be served:

   1)  in-person; or

   2)  by certified mail, return receipt and first-class mail.

 B.  Time of Service.

   1)  Child in custody. If the child is in protective custody, the summons shall be served no less than seven days prior to the adjudicatory hearing.

   2)  Child not in custody. If the child is not in protective custody, the summons shall be served no less than fourteen days prior to the adjudicatory hearing.

 C.  Proof of service. Affidavit of service shall be filed prior to the adjudicatory hearing.

 D.  Efforts Made to Serve. In the absence of an affidavit of service under paragraph (C), the serving party shall advise the court of what efforts were made to notify a person. The court may proceed to a hearing upon a showing of reasonable efforts to locate and notify all persons pursuant to Rule 1360.

Comment
   Pursuant to Rule 1360, all parties are to be served a summons. Pursuant to Rule 1361, the attorneys, the parents, child’s foster parent, preadoptive parent, and relative providing care for the child are to receive notice.

   A copy of the petition is to be included with the summons unless the petition has already been served pursuant to Rule 1331. See Rule 1360 (C)(5).

   Official Note

   Rule 1363 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1363 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1364. Failure to Appear on the Summons.
 If any summoned person fails to appear for the adjudicatory hearing and the court finds that sufficient notice was given, the judge may issue a bench warrant pursuant to Rule 1140.

Comment
   See Rule 1140 for issuance of a bench warrant.

   Official Note

   Rule 1364 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1364 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1364 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 1619 (April 4, 2009).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1364 amended March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 1614. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (326088).

PART E. PRESERVATION OF TESTIMONY AND EVIDENCE

Rule 1380. Preservation of Testimony After Commencement of Proceedings.
 A.  By Court Order.

   1)  At any time after the commencement of proceedings, upon motion of any party, and after notice and hearing, the court may order the taking and preserving of the testimony of any witness who may be unavailable for the adjudicatory hearing or for any other proceeding, or when due to exceptional circumstances, it is in the interests of justice that the witness’ testimony be preserved;

   2)  The court shall state on the record the grounds on which the order is based;

   3)  The court’s order shall specify the time and place for the taking of the testimony, the manner in which the testimony shall be recorded and preserved, and the procedures for custody of the recorded testimony;

   4)  The testimony shall be taken in the presence of the court, all parties and their attorneys, unless otherwise ordered; and

   5)  The court shall rule on the admissibility of the preserved testimony if it is offered into evidence at the adjudicatory hearing or other judicial proceeding.

 B.  By Agreement of the Parties.

   1)  At any time after the commencement of proceedings, the testimony of any witness may be taken and preserved upon the express written agreement of all parties;

   2)  The agreement shall specify the time and place for taking the testimony, the manner in which the testimony shall be recorded and preserved, and the procedures for custody of the recorded testimony;

   3)  The testimony shall be taken in the presence of all parties and their attorneys unless they otherwise agree;

   4)  The agreement shall be filed with the clerk of courts pursuant to Rule 1345(A); and

   5)  The court shall rule on the admissibility of the preserved testimony if it is offered into evidence at the adjudicatory hearing or other judicial proceeding.

Comment
   This rule is intended to provide the means by which testimony may be preserved for use at a current or subsequent stage in the proceedings, which includes the taking of a deposition during the adjudicatory hearing to be used at a later stage of the adjudicatory hearing.

   When testimony is to be preserved by video recording, see also Rule 1381.

   This rule does not address the admissibility of the preserved testimony. The court is to decide all questions of admissibility. See Pa.R.E 104(a).

   ‘‘May be unavailable,’’ as used in paragraph (A)(1), is intended to include situations in which the court has reason to believe that the witness will be unable to be present or to testify at the adjudicatory hearing or other proceedings, such as when the witness is dying, or will be out of the jurisdiction and therefore cannot be effectively served with a subpoena, or is elderly, frail, or demonstrates the symptoms of mental infirmity or dementia, or may become incompetent to testify for any other legally sufficient reason.

   Under paragraph (A)(4), the court should preside over the taking of testimony. The court, however, may order that testimony be taken and preserved without the court’s presence when exigent circumstances exist or the location of the witness renders the court’s presence impracticable. Furthermore, nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the parties, their attorneys, and the court from agreeing on the record that the court need not be present. Paragraph (B)(3) permits the parties and their attorneys to determine among themselves whether the court should be present during the taking of testimony. That determination should be made a part of the written agreement required by paragraph (B)(1).

   Nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the parties from waiving their presence during the taking of testimony.

   The means by which the testimony is recorded and preserved are within the discretion of the court under paragraph (A) and the parties under paragraph (B), and may include the use of electronic or photographic techniques such as videotape or digital video diskette. There are, however, additional procedural requirements for preservation of testimony by video recording mandated by Rule 1381.

   The party on whose motion testimony is taken should normally have custody of and be responsible for safeguarding the preserved testimony. That party should also promptly provide a copy of the preserved testimony to the other parties. Additionally, this rule is not intended to conflict with the requirements of the Pennsylvania Rules of Judicial Administration. For reporting and transcripts by court-employed reporters, see Pa.R.J.A. Nos. 4001—4016.

   When testimony is taken under this rule, the proceeding should afford the parties full opportunity to examine and cross-examine the witness. Counsel should not reserve objections at the time of the adjudicatory hearing.

   For the definition of ‘‘court,’’ see Rule 1120.

   Official Note

   Rule 1380 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended November 16, 2016, effective January 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1380 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendment to Rule 1380 published with the Court’s Order at 46 Pa.B. 7526 (December 3, 2016).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1380 amended November 16, 2016, effective January 1, 2017, 46 Pa.B. 7526. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (342584) to (342585) and (326089) to (326090).

Rule 1381. Preservation of Testimony by Video Recording.
 A.  When the testimony of a witness is taken and preserved pursuant to Rule 1380 by means of video recording, the testimony shall be recorded simultaneously by a stenographer.

 B.  The following technical requirements shall be made part of the court order required by Rule 1380(A) or the written agreement provided in Rule 1380(B):

   1)  The video recording shall begin with a statement on camera that includes:

     a)   the operator’s name and business address;

     b)   the name and address of the operator’s employer;

     c)   the date, time, and place of the video recording;

     d)   the caption of the case;

     e)   the name of the witness;

     f)   the party on whose behalf the witness is testifying; and

     g)   the nature of the judicial proceedings for which the testimony is intended;

   2)  The court and the persons shall identify themselves on camera;

   3)  The witness shall be sworn on camera;

   4)  If the length of the testimony requires the use of more than one video recording, the end of each video recording and the beginning of each succeeding video recording shall be announced on camera;

   5)  At the conclusion of the witness’ testimony, a statement shall be made on camera that the testimony is concluded. A statement shall also be made concerning the custody of the video recording(s);

   6)  Statements concerning stipulations, exhibits, or other pertinent matters may be made at any time on camera;

   7)  The video recording shall be timed by a digital clock on camera that continually shows the hour, minute, and second of the testimony;

   8)  All objections and the reasons for them shall be made on the record. When the court presides over the video recording of testimony, the court’s rulings on objections shall also be made on the record;

   9)  When the court does not preside over the video recording of testimony, the video recording operator shall keep a log of each objection, referenced to the time each objection is made. All rulings on objections shall be made before the video recording is shown at any judicial proceeding; and

   10)  The original video recording shall not be altered.

Comment
   This rule provides the basic technical requirements for taking and preserving testimony by video recording under Rule 1380. The list of requirements is not intended to be exhaustive. Rather, it is recommended that all recording by video be carefully planned and executed, and that in addition to complying with the basic requirements, each court order or written agreement for the video recording of testimony be tailored to the nature of the case and the needs of the persons.

   Generally, the camera should focus on the witness to the extent practicable.

   Under paragraph (B)(9), the court may rule on objections by either reviewing pertinent sections of the video recording, aided by the video operator’s log, or by reviewing the stenographic transcript required by paragraph (A).

   Any editing procedure ordered by the court or agreed upon by the persons may be used as long as it comports with current technology and does not alter the original video recording. Paragraph (B)(10) is intended to insure preservation of the original video, thereby providing for those situations in which a dispute arises over editing procedures.

   This rule authorizes the use of video recording devices only for the preservation of testimony under Rule 1380. It is not intended to affect other rules governing recording devices.

   Official Note

   Rule 1381 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1381 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter14/chap14toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 14. ADJUDICATORY HEARING
Rule


1401.    Introduction to Chapter Fourteen.
1404.    Prompt Adjudicatory Hearing.
1405.    Stipulations.
1406.    Adjudicatory Hearing.
1408.    Findings on Petition.
1409.    Adjudication of Dependency and Court Order.
Rule 1401. Introduction to Chapter Fourteen.
 Under these rules and the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., a determination for each case requires separate and distinct findings. First, the court is to hold an adjudicatory hearing, governed by Rule 1406 or accept stipulations, governed by Rule 1405. Second, after hearing the evidence or accepting the stipulations, the court is to make specific findings on the petition as to each allegation pursuant to Rule 1408, stating with particularity the allegations proven by clear and convincing evidence. Third, after entering its findings, the court is to determine if the child is dependent, pursuant to Rule 1409. If aggravated circumstances are alleged, the court is to determine if aggravated circumstances exist, pursuant to Rule 1705. After the court has made these findings and if the court finds that the child is dependent, the court is to hold a dispositional hearing as provided for in Rule 1512 and is to enter a dispositional order under Rule 1515. Nothing in these rules precludes the court from making these determinations at the same proceeding as long as the requirements of each rule are followed.

   Official Note

   Rule 1401 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1401 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1404. Prompt Adjudicatory Hearing.
 A.  Child in custody. If a child has been removed from the home, an adjudicatory hearing shall be held within ten days of the filing of the petition.

 B.  Child not in custody. If a child has not been removed from the home, the adjudicatory hearing shall be held as soon as practical but within forty-five days of the filing of the petition.

   Official Note

   Rule 1404 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1404 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1405. Stipulations.
 A.  Agreements. At any time after the filing of a petition, any party may present stipulations or agreements by all parties to the court in writing or orally on the record to any or all of the following:

   1)  Findings of fact to be deemed admitted by the parties;

   2)  A statement of the parties’ agreement for placement;

   3)  A statement of the parties’ agreement for visitation;

   4)  Time frame within which the stipulation shall be in effect;

   5)  Time frame within which court shall review compliance; or

   6)  Any other stipulation or agreement found to be appropriate by the court.

 B.  Court action. The court shall decide whether to accept the stipulations.

   1)  Court accepts stipulations.

     a)   Stipulation to all allegations. If the court accepts the stipulations to all the allegations, the court shall:

       i)   take additional testimony as necessary to make an independent determination of dependency; and

       ii)   enter its findings pursuant to Rule 1408 and an adjudication of dependency pursuant to Rule 1409.

     b)   Stipulations to some allegations or agreements for disposition. If the parties agree to some allegations or placement, visitation, or other disposition resolutions, the court shall hold an adjudicatory hearing as to the remaining contested allegations in the petition pursuant to Rule 1406, followed by its finding on the petition pursuant to Rule 1408 and an adjudication of dependency pursuant to Rule 1409.

   2)  Court rejects stipulations. If the court rejects the stipulations, the court shall proceed with an adjudicatory hearing pursuant to Rule 1406, followed by its findings on the petition pursuant to Rule 1408 and an adjudication of dependency pursuant to Rule 1409.

Comment
   If all parties do not agree to all the allegations in the petition, the court is to hold an adjudicatory hearing as to the remaining allegations pursuant to Rule 1406.

   Under paragraph (B)(2), the court may reject the stipulations and proceed to an adjudication of dependency pursuant to Rule 1406.

   The court is to make an independent determination that a child is dependent. Before accepting the stipulation the judge is to be satisfied that the facts are credible and solidly based and not the product of speculation as to what the child may do in the future. In re Mark T., 296 Pa. Super. 533, 442 A.2d 1179 (1982). Furthermore, to be accepted by the court, such stipulation is to be joined by all the parties. If accepted by the court, the stipulation has evidentiary value and may be considered alone or in conjunction with other evidence. The judge is to consider all of the evidence presented as well as the relevant law to arrive at a reasoned decision regarding dependency. In re Michael Y., 365 Pa. Super. 488, 530 A.2d 115 (1987). See In re A.S., 406 Pa. Super. 466, 594 A.2d 714 (1991) and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6341.

   Official Note

   Rule 1405 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1405 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1406. Adjudicatory Hearing.
 A.  Manner of hearing. The court shall conduct the adjudicatory hearing in an informal but orderly manner.

   1)  Notification. Prior to commencing the proceedings, the court shall ascertain:

     a)   whether notice requirements pursuant to Rules 1360 and 1361 have been met; and

     b)   whether unrepresented parties have been informed of the right to counsel pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6337.

   2)  Advanced communication technology. Upon good cause shown, a court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 1129.

 B.  Recording. The adjudicatory hearing shall be recorded.

 C.  Evidence. Each party shall be given the opportunity to:

   1)  introduce evidence;

   2)  present testimony; and

   3)  to cross-examine any witness.

Comment
   Due process requires that the litigants receive notice of the issues before the court and an opportunity to present their case in relation to those issues. In re M.B., 356 Pa. Super. 257, 514 A.2d 599 (1986), aff’d, 517 Pa. 459, 538 A.2d 495 (1988).

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(2), it is expected that the parties be present. Only upon good cause shown should advanced communication technology be utilized.

   A full record of the hearing is to be kept. In re J.H., 788 A.2d 1006 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2001). See also 42 Pa.C.S. §  6336.

   Under paragraph (B), notes of testimony should be provided to counsel for a party upon good cause shown. The court may place conditions of release on the notes of testimony. When an appeal is taken, the record is to be transcribed pursuant to Pa.R.A.P. 1922. See Pa.R.A.P. 1911 for request of transcript.

   Under paragraph (C), the court is to receive evidence from all interested parties and from objective, disinterested witnesses. The judge’s findings should be supported by a full discussion of the evidence. See In Re Clouse, 244 Pa. Super. 396, 368 A.2d 780 (1976).

   For application of the Rules of Evidence, see Pa.R.E. 101.

   See Rule 1136 for ex parte communications.

   Official Note

   Rule 1406 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1406 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1406 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2319 (May 7, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1406 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1406 amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (356717) to (356718).

Rule 1408. Findings on Petition.
 The court shall enter findings, within seven days of hearing the evidence on the petition or accepting stipulated facts by the parties:

 (a)  by specifying which, if any, allegations in the petition were proved by clear and convincing evidence;

 (b)  as to whether the county agency has reasonably engaged in family finding as required pursuant to Rule 1149; and

 (c)  as to the efforts made by the county agency to determine whether the child is an Indian child and whether any participant has reason to know the child is an Indian child pursuant to Rule 1203.

Comment:
   The court is to specify which allegations in the petition are the bases for the finding of dependency.

   Pursuant to subdivision (b), the court is to determine whether the county agency has reasonably engaged in family finding in the case. The county agency will be required to report its diligent family finding efforts at subsequent hearings. See Rule 1149 for requirements of family finding. See also Rules 1210(d)(8), 1242(e)(3), 1512(D)(1)(h), 1514(a)(4), 1608(d)(1)(viii), and 1610(D) and their Comments for the court’s findings as to the county agency’s satisfaction of the family finding requirements and Rules 1242(e)(3), 1409(c), 1609(D), and 1611(C) and Comments to Rules 1242, 1409, 1512, 1514, 1515, and 1608—1611 on the court’s orders.

   The court is required to inquire and determine whether any participants have reason to know whether the child is an Indian child. The court is also required to advise the participants of their obligation to report to the court if they subsequently receive information that provides a reason to know the child is an Indian child. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 1203.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1408 amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended December 23, 2024, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 244. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (377982).

Rule 1409. Adjudication of Dependency and Court Order.
 (a)  Adjudicating the Child Dependent. Once the court has made its findings under Rule 1408, the court shall enter an order whether the child is dependent.

   (1)  Dependency. If the court finds from clear and convincing evidence that the child is dependent, the court shall proceed to a dispositional hearing under Rule 1512.

   (2)  No Dependency. If the court finds the child not to be dependent or the court finds a parent ready, willing, and able to provide proper parental care or control, the court shall:

     (i)   dismiss the petition;

     (ii)   order the child to be discharged from custody and any restrictions ordered in the proceedings; and

     (iii)   enter an order identifying individual(s) who will have the legal and physical custody until such order is modified by further order of the court.

 (b)   Timing.

   (1)  Child in Custody. If a child is removed from the home, the court shall enter an adjudication of dependency within seven days of the adjudicatory hearing and enter its findings pursuant to Rule 1408.

   (2)  Child Not in Custody. If a child is not removed from the home and if the court fails to enter an order of dependency, the court shall hold a status hearing every 30 days.

 (c)   Court Order. The court shall include the following in its court order:

   (1)  A statement pursuant to subdivision (a):

     (i)   as to whether the court finds the child to be dependent from clear and convincing evidence;

     (ii)   including the specific factual findings that form the bases of the court’s decision;

     (iii)   including any legal determinations made; and

   (2)  Any orders directing the removal of a child from the home or change in the current residential status, including:

     (i)   orders as to placement;

     (ii)   visitation; or

     (iii)   change in custody; and

   (3)  Any orders as to any aids in disposition that may assist in the preparation of the dispositional hearing, including orders regarding family finding.

   (4)  Whether there is reason to know the child is an Indian child pursuant to Rule 1203.

Comment:
   Before the court can find a child to be dependent, there must be clear and convincing evidence in support of the petition. The burden of proof is on the petitioner. The court’s inquiry is to be comprehensive, and its findings are to be supported by specific findings of fact and a full discussion of the evidence. In re LaRue, 366 A.2d 1271 (Pa. Super. 1976). See also In re Frank W.D., Jr., 462 A.2d 708 (Pa. Super. 1983); In re Clouse, 368 A.2d 780 (Pa. Super. 1976). The evidence must support that the child is dependent. In the Matter of DeSavage, 360 A.2d 237 (Pa. Super. 1976). The court must apply the clear and convincing evidence standard (not the best interest of the child standard) that the child is dependent per the requirements of the Juvenile Act, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6341(c). In re Haynes, 473 A.2d 1365 (Pa. Super. 1983). A child, whose non-custodial parent is ready, willing, and able to provide adequate care for the child, cannot be found dependent on the basis of lacking proper parental care and control. In re M.L., 757 A.2d 849 (Pa. 2000). A trial court has the authority to transfer custody or modify custody to the child’s non-custodial parent without a finding of dependency if sufficient evidence of dependency would have existed but for the availability of the non-custodial parent. In re Justin S., 543 A.2d 1192 (Pa. Super. 1988).

   The court is to specify which allegations in the petition are the bases for the finding of dependency pursuant to Rule 1408. The court is to make an adjudication of dependency based upon the allegations in the petition, not on alternative grounds. Due process and fundamental fairness require adequate notice of the allegations to afford a reasonable opportunity to prepare a defense. In re R.M., 790 A.2d 300 (Pa. 2002).

   Under subdivision (c)(3), aids in disposition may include, but are not limited to, any services, investigations, evaluations, studies, treatment plans, and any other appropriate reports that may aid the court in making its determination at the dispositional hearing. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6339 for orders of a social study or physical and mental examinations and treatment.

   See also 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6341 (Adjudication) and 6302 (Definitions).

   Pursuant to subdivision (c)(3), when making its determination for reasonable efforts made by the county agency, the court is to consider the extent to which the county agency has fulfilled its obligation pursuant to Rule 1149 regarding family finding. See also Rule 1242(c)(2), (c)(3)(ii)-(c)(3)(iii), Rule 1330(b)(6), and Comments to Rules 1242, 1330, 1515, and 1608—1611 for reasonable efforts determinations.

   If the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding have not been met, the court is to make necessary orders to ensure compliance by enforcing this legislative mandate. See 67 Pa.C.S. § §  7501 et seq. See also Pa.R.J.C.P. 1242(e)(3) and 1609(D), and Comments to Pa.R.J.C.P. 1242, 1408, 1512, 1514, 1515, and 1608—1611.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1409 amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended November 30, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7632; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791; amended December 23, 2024, effective July 1, 2025, 55 Pa.B. 244. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (377982) and (414851) to (414852).























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter15/chap15toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 15. DISPOSITIONAL HEARING
PART A. SUMMONS AND NOTICE OF THE DISPOSITIONAL HEARING
Rule


1500.    Summons for the Dispositional Hearing.
1501.    Dispositional Notice.
PART B. DISPOSITIONAL HEARING AND AIDS

1509.    Aids in Disposition.
1510.    Prompt Dispositional Hearing.
1511.    Pre-Dispositional Statement.
1512.    Dispositional Hearing.
1514.    Dispositional Finding Before Removal from Home.
1515.    Dispositional Order.
1516.    Service of the Dispositional Order.
PART A. SUMMONS AND NOTICE OF THE
DISPOSITIONAL HEARING
Rule 1500. Summons for the Dispositional Hearing.
 A.  Summons. The court may issue a summons compelling any party to appear for the dispositional hearing.

 B.  Order appearance. The court may order the person having the physical custody or control of the child to bring the child to the hearing.

 C.  Requirements. The general summons procedures of Rule 1124 shall be followed.

Comment
   Section 6335 of the Juvenile Act provides that the court is to direct the issuance of a summons to the parent, guardian, or other custodian, a guardian ad litem, and any other persons as appear to the court to be proper and necessary parties to the proceedings. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335(a).

   Other persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the hearing. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333.

   Official Note

   Rule 1500 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1500 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1501. Dispositional Notice.
 The court or its designee shall give notice of the dispositional hearing to:

   1)  all parties;

   2)  the attorney for the county agency;

   3)  the child’s attorney

   4)  the guardian’s attorney;

   5)  the parents, child’s foster parent, preadoptive parent, or relative providing care for the child;

   6)  the court appointed special advocate, if assigned;

   7)  the educational decision maker, if applicable; and

   8)  any other persons as directed by the court.

   Official Note

   Rule 1501 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1501 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1501 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1501 amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (330433) to (330434).

PART B. DISPOSITIONAL HEARING AND AIDS

Rule 1509. Aids in Disposition.
 A.  Examinations. The court may order the child, parent, guardian, or other person being considered as a dispositional placement resource to undergo any examination permitted by law, as it deems appropriate to aid in the decision for disposition.

 B.  Experts. Experts may be utilized during the dispositional hearing. Discovery pursuant to Rule 1340 shall occur prior to the dispositional hearing.

 C.  Family Service Plan or Permanency Plan. If the county agency has completed a family service plan or permanency plan, it shall be given to all parties immediately and submitted to the court upon request.

Comment
   Section 6341(e) of the Juvenile Act requires the court to receive reports and other evidence bearing on the disposition. In re McDonough, 287 Pa. Super. 326, 430 A.2d 308 (1981).

   For discovery rules for the dispositional hearing, see Rule 1340 and its Comments.

   Because of time constraints, a family service plan might not be prepared prior to the original dispositional hearing. If the family service plan has been prepared, all parties are to receive the plan to prepare for the dispositional hearing. In all cases, the family service plan is to be completed by the county agency within sixty days of accepting a family for service. See 55 Pa. Code §  3130.61.

   Official Note

   Rule 1509 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1509 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1510. Prompt Dispositional Hearing.
 If the child has been removed from the home, the dispositional hearing shall be held no later than twenty days after the findings on the petition under Rule 1408.

Comment
   For continuances, see 42 Pa.C.S. §  6341(e).

   Official Note

   Rule 1510 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1510 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1511. Pre-Dispositional Statement.
 The petitioner shall state its recommended disposition in a pre-dispositional statement. The statement shall be filed with the court at least three days prior to the dispositional hearing.

Comment
   This statement may be included in other court documents, such as, the family service plan or petition.

   Official Note

   Rule 1511 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1511 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1512. Dispositional Hearing.
 A.  Manner of hearing. The court shall conduct the dispositional hearing in an informal but orderly manner.

   1)  Evidence. The court shall receive any oral or written evidence which is helpful in determining disposition, including evidence that was not admissible at the adjudicatory hearing.

   2)  Opportunity to be heard. Before deciding disposition, the court shall give the parent, child’s foster parent, preadoptive parent, relative providing care for the child and court appointed special advocate, if assigned, an opportunity to make a statement.

   3)  Advanced communication technology. Upon good cause shown, a court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 1129.

 B.  Recording. The dispositional hearing shall be recorded.

 C.  Duties of the court. The court shall determine on the record whether the parties have been advised of the following:

   1)  the right to file an appeal;

   2)  the time limits for an appeal; and

   3)  the right to counsel to prepare the appeal.

 D. Court’s findings. The court shall enter its findings and conclusions of law into the record and enter an order pursuant to Rule 1515.

   1)  On the record in open court, the court shall state:

     a)   its disposition;

     b)   the reasons for its disposition;

     c)   the terms, conditions, and limitations of the disposition;

     d)   the name of any person or the name, type, category, or class of agency, licensed organization, or institution that shall provide care, shelter, and supervision of the child;

     e)   whether any evaluations, tests, counseling, or treatments are necessary;

     f)   the permanency plan for the child;

     g)   the services necessary to achieve the permanency plan;

     h)   whether the county agency has reasonably satisfied the requirement of Rule 1149 regarding family finding, and if not, the findings and conclusions of the court on why the requirements have not been met by the county agency;

     i)   any findings necessary to ensure the stability and appropriateness of the child’s education, and when appropriate, the court shall appoint an educational decision maker pursuant to Rule 1147;

     j)   any findings necessary to identify, monitor, and address the child’s needs concerning health care and disability, if any, and if parental consent cannot be obtained, authorize evaluations and treatment needed; and

     k)   a visitation schedule, including any limitations.

   2)  The court shall state on the record in open court or enter into the record through the dispositional order, findings pursuant to Rule 1514, if the child is placed.

Comment:
   To the extent practicable, the judge or juvenile court hearing officer that presided over the adjudicatory hearing for a child should preside over the dispositional hearing for the same child.

   Paragraph (A)(2) does not infringe on the right to call witnesses to testify, in addition to those specified individuals. See Rule 1123 for subpoenaing a witness.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(3), it is expected that the parties be present. Only upon good cause shown should advanced communication technology be utilized.

   Pursuant to paragraph (C), the court is to advise the parties of their appellate rights orally in the courtroom on the record. The court is to explain the right to appointed counsel for an appeal if a party is without counsel, and without the financial resources or otherwise unable to employ counsel. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6337; see also Rule 1150(B) for duration of counsel and Rule 1151 for assignment of counsel.

   All the findings made in open court are to be placed in writing through the court’s dispositional order pursuant to Rule 1515. Nothing in this rule is intended to preclude the court from further explaining its findings in its dispositional order. In addition to the findings pursuant to paragraph (D), see Rule 1514 for dispositional findings before removal from the home.

   Pursuant to paragraph (D)(1)(f), the court is to determine the permanency plan for the child. A permanency plan should include two plans or goals: the primary plan and the secondary or concurrent plan.

   The primary plan is the comprehensive plan developed to achieve the permanency goal. The secondary or concurrent plan is developed and initiated so that if the primary plan is not fulfilled, timely permanency for the child may still be achieved. These two plans are to be simultaneously addressed by the county agency.

   Rule 1608 mandates permanency hearings at least every six months. It is best practice to have three-month hearings to ensure permanency is achieved in a timely fashion and the court is informed of the progress of the case. See Comment to Rule 1608.

   Pursuant to subdivision (D)(1)(h), the court is to determine whether the county agency has reasonably satisfied the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding. If the county agency has failed to meet the diligent family finding efforts requirements of Rule 1149, the court is to utilize its powers to enforce this legislative mandate. See 67 Pa.C.S. § §  7501 et seq. See also Pa.R.J.C.P. 1210(D)(8), 1242(E)(3), 1409(C), 1609(D), and 1611(C), and Comments to Pa.R.J.C.P. 1242, 1408, 1409, 1514, 1515, and 1608—1611.

   Pursuant to subdivision (D)(1)(i), the court is to address the child’s educational stability, including the right to an educational decision maker, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301, 20 U.S.C. §  1439(a)(5), and 34 C.F.R. §  300.519. The court’s findings should address the child’s right to: 1) educational stability, including the right to: a) remain in the same school regardless of a change in placement when it is in the child’s best interest; b) immediate enrollment when a school change is in the child’s best interest; and c) have school proximity considered in all placement changes, 42 U.S.C. § §  675(1)(G) and 11431 et seq.; 2) an educational decision maker pursuant to Rule 1147, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301, 20 U.S.C. §  1439(a)(5), and 34 C.F.R. §  300.519; 3) an appropriate education, including any necessary special education, early intervention, or remedial services pursuant to 24 P.S. § §  13-1371 and 13-1372, 55 Pa. Code §  3130.87, and 20 U.S.C. § §  1400 et seq.; 4) the educational services necessary to support the child’s transition to successful adulthood pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351 if the child is 14 or older; and 5) a transition plan that addresses the child’s educational needs pursuant to 42 U.S.C. §  675(5)(H) if the child will age out of care within 90 days.

   Pursuant to paragraph (D)(1)(j), the court is to address the child’s needs concerning health care and disability. The court’s findings should address the right of: 1) a child to receive timely and medically appropriate screenings and health care services pursuant to 55 Pa. Code § §  3700.51 and 3800.32, and 42 U.S.C. §  1396d(r); 2) a child to a transition plan that addresses the child’s health care needs, and includes specific options for how the child can obtain health insurance after leaving care pursuant to 42 U.S.C. §  675(5)(H) if the child will age out of care within 90 days; and 3) a child with disabilities to receive necessary accommodations pursuant to 42 U.S.C. §  12132; 28 C.F.R. §  35.101 et seq., Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. §  794, and implementing regulations at 45 C.F.R. §  84.1 et seq. In addition, the court is to ensure progress and compliance with the child’s case plan for the ongoing oversight and coordination of health care services under 42 U.S.C. §  622(b)(15).

   Pursuant to the Juvenile Act, the court has authority to order a physical or mental examination of a child and medical or surgical treatment of a minor, who is suffering from a serious physical condition or illness which requires prompt treatment in the opinion of a physician. The court may order the treatment even if the guardians have not been given notice of the pending hearing, are not available, or without good cause inform the court that they do not consent to the treatment. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6339(b).

   Pursuant to paragraph (D)(1)(k), the court is to include siblings in its visitation schedule. See 42 U.S.C. §  671(a)(31), which requires reasonable efforts be made to place siblings together unless it is contrary to the safety or well-being of either sibling and that frequent visitation be assured if joint placement cannot be made.

   See Rule 1127 for recording and transcribing of proceedings.

   See Rule 1136 for ex parte communications.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1512 amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313; amended November 30, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7632; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (387429) to (387430) and (407953) to (407954).

Rule 1514. Dispositional Finding Before Removal from Home.
 (a)  Required Findings. Prior to entering a dispositional order removing a child from the home, the court shall state on the record in open court the following specific findings:

   1)  Continuation of the child in the home would be contrary to the welfare, safety, or health of the child;

   2)  The child’s placement is the least restrictive placement that meets the needs of the child, supported by reasons why there is no less restrictive alternative available;

   3)  If the child has a sibling who is subject to removal from the home, whether reasonable efforts were made prior to the placement of the child to place the siblings together or whether such joint placement is contrary to the safety or well-being of the child or sibling;

   4)  The county agency has reasonably satisfied the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding;

   5)  One of the following:

     (i)   Reasonable efforts were made prior to the placement of the child to prevent or eliminate the need for removal of the child from the home, if the child has remained in the home pending such disposition; or

     (ii)   If preventive services were not offered due to the necessity for emergency placement, whether such lack of services was reasonable under the circumstances; or

     (iii)   If the court previously determined that reasonable efforts were not made to prevent the initial removal of the child from the home, whether reasonable efforts are under way to make it possible for the child to return home; and

   6)  The county agency has provided a permanency plan and services pursuant to 67 Pa.C.S. §  7504.

 (b)   Aggravated Circumstances. If the court has previously found aggravated circumstances to exist and that reasonable efforts to remove the child from the home or to preserve and reunify the family are not required, a finding pursuant to subdivision (a)(5)(i)—(a)(5)(iii) is unnecessary.

Comment:
   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351(b).

   Pursuant to subdivision (a)(3), the court is to utilize reasonable efforts in placing siblings together unless it is contrary to the safety or well-being of a child or sibling. See 42 U.S.C. §  675 (Fostering Connections).

   Pursuant to subdivision (a)(4), the court is to determine whether the county agency has reasonably satisfied the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding. If the county agency has failed to meet the diligent family finding efforts requirements of Rule 1149, the court is to utilize its powers to enforce this legislative mandate. See 67 Pa.C.S. § §  7501 et seq. See also Pa.R.J.C.P. 1210(D)(8), 1242(E)(3), 1409(C), 1609(D), and 1611(C), and Comments to Pa.R.J.C.P. 1242, 1408, 1409, 1512, 1515, and 1608—1611.

   Pursuant to subdivision (a)(6), specific requirements for a permanency plan and services exist when the court orders the temporary transfer of a child’s legal custody pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351(a)(2). See 67 Pa.C.S. §  7504.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1514 amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended November 30, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7632; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (407954) and (411453).

Rule 1515. Dispositional Order.
 A.  Generally. When the court enters a disposition, the court shall issue a written order, which provides that the disposition is best suited to the safety, protection, and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child. The order shall include:

   1)  any findings pursuant to Rules 1512(D) and 1514;

   2)  the date of the order; and

   3)  the signature and printed name of the judge entering the order.

 B.  Transfer of custody. If the court decides to transfer custody of the child to a person or agency found to be qualified to provide care, shelter, and supervision of the child, the dispositional order shall include:

   1)  the name and address of such person or agency, unless the court determines disclosure is inappropriate;

   2)  the limitations of the order, including the type of custody granted; and

   3)  any visitation rights.

 C.  Guardian. The dispositional order shall include any conditions, limitations, restrictions, and obligations imposed upon the guardian.

Comment:
   See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6310, 6351.

   When issuing a dispositional order, the court should issue an order that is ‘‘best suited to the safety, protection, and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child.’’ 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351(a). See In re S.J., 906 A.2d 547, 551 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2006) (citing In re Tameka M., 525 Pa. 348, 580 A.2d 750 (1990)), for issues addressing a child’s mental and moral welfare.

   When making its determination for reasonable efforts made by the county agency, the court is to consider the extent to which the county agency has fulfilled its obligation pursuant to Rule 1149 regarding family finding. See also Rules 1240(B)(6), 1242(C)(2) & (3)(b) & (c), and 1330(B)(6) and Comments to Rules 1242, 1330, 1409, 1608, 1609, 1610, and 1611 for reasonable efforts determinations.

   If the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding have not been met, the court is to make necessary orders to ensure compliance by enforcing this legislative mandate. See 67 Pa.C.S. § §  7501 et seq. See also Pa.R.J.C.P. 1210(D)(8), 1242(E)(3), 1409(C), 1609(D), and 1611(C), and Comments to Pa.R.J.C.P. 1242, 1408, 1409, 1512, 1514, and 1608—1611. 45 C.R.F. §  1356.21 provides a specific foster care provider may not be placed in a court order to be in compliance with and receive funding through the Federal Financial Participation.

   Dispositional orders should comport in substantial form and content to the model orders to receive funding under the federal Adoption and Safe Families Act (ASFA) of 1997 (P. L. 105-89). The model forms are also in compliance with Title IV-B and Title IV-E of the Social Security Act. For model orders, see http://www.pacourts.us/forms/dependency-forms.

   See In re Tameka M., 525 Pa. 348, 580 A.2d 750 (1990).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1515 amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended November 30, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7632; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (411453) to (411454).

Rule 1516. Service of the Dispositional Order.
 Upon entry of the disposition, the court shall issue a dispositional order and the order shall be served promptly upon all parties, their attorneys, and any other person as directed by the court.

   Official Note

   Rule 1516 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1516 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).
























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter16/chap16toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 16. POST-DISPOSITIONAL PROCEDURES
PART A. SUMMONS, NOTICE, AND REPORTS
Rule


1600.    Summons for the Permanency Hearing.
1601.    Permanency Hearing Notice.
1604.    Submission of Reports.
PART B(1). MODIFICATIONS

1606.    Modification of Dependent Child’s Placement.
PART B(2). PERMANENCY HEARING

1607.    Regular Scheduling of Permanency Hearings.
1608.    Permanency Hearing.
1609.    Permanency Hearing Orders.
1610.    Permanency Hearing for Children over Eighteen.
1611.    Permanency Hearing Orders for Children over Eighteen.
PART(C). POST-DISPOSITIONAL PROCEDURES

1613.    (Reserved).
1616.    Post-Dispositional Procedures; Appeals (Reserved).
PART D. CESSATION OR RESUMPTION OF COURT SUPERVISION OR JURISDICTION

1631.    Termination of Court Supervision.
1634.    Motion for Resumption of Jurisdiction.
1635.    Hearing on Motion for Resumption of Jurisdiction.
PART A. SUMMONS AND NOTICE

Rule 1600. Summons for the Permanency Hearing.
 A.  Summons. At least fifteen days prior to the permanency hearing, the court may issue a summons compelling any party to appear for the permanency hearing.

 B.  Order appearance. The court may order the person having the physical custody or control of the child to bring the child to the hearing.

 C.  Requirements. The general summons procedures of Rule 1124 shall be followed.

Comment
   Section 6335 of the Juvenile Act provides that the court is to direct the issuance of a summons to the parent, guardian, or other custodian, a guardian ad litem, and any other persons as appear to the court to be proper and necessary parties to the proceedings. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335(a).

   Other persons may be subpoenaed to appear for the hearing. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6333.

   Official Note

   Rule 1600 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1600 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1601. Permanency Hearing Notice.
 A.  At least fifteen days prior to the hearing, the court or its designee shall give notice of the permanency hearing to:

   1)  all parties;

   2)  the attorney for the county agency;

   3)  the child’s attorney

   4)  the guardian’s attorney;

   5)  the parents, child’s foster parent, preadoptive parent, or relative providing care for the child;

   6)  the court appointed special advocate, if assigned;

   7)  the educational decision maker, if applicable; and

   8)  any other persons as directed by the court.

 B.  If a party intends to request a goal change from reunification, then either the notice shall state this purpose or the party shall give separate notice of the intended goal change in accordance with paragraph (A).

Comment
   Given the significance of discontinuing the goal of reunification, the requirement of paragraph (B) is to ensure that parties, counsel, and interested persons have notice of the purpose of the hearing and are able to prepare for and attend the hearing.

   Official Note

   Rule 1601 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended May 17, 2018, effective October 1, 2018.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1601 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1601 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1601 published with the Court’s Order at 48 Pa.B. 3321 (June 2, 2018).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1601 amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended May 17, 2018, effective October 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3321. Immediately preceding text appears at serial page (369680).

Rule 1604. Submission of Reports.
 A.  Generally.

   1)  A foster parent, preadoptive parent, or relative providing care for a child may submit a report regarding the child’s adjustment, progress, and condition for review by the court.

   2)  The report shall be submitted to the court designee at least seven days prior to the permanency hearing.

 B.  Designation by President Judge. The President Judge of each judicial district shall appoint a designee, other than a judge or party, to receive these reports.

 C.  Duties of the County Agency. Upon placement of the child with a foster parent, preadoptive parent, or relative providing care for a child, the county agency shall inform such person of:

   1)  the right to submit a report;

   2)  the name and address of the court designee who shall receive the reports; and

   3)  the requirement to submit the report at least seven days prior to the permanency hearing.

 D.  Duties of Designee. Within one business day of receiving the report, the court designee shall:

   1)  file a copy of the report with the clerk of courts; and

   2)  distribute copies to the judge, attorneys, parties, and if appointed, the court-appointed special advocate.

 E.  Examination of Report. Pursuant to Rule 1608(C), the court shall examine this report and consider its contents as it would consider any other evidence in the case.

Comment
   The county agency is to provide the form designed by the Department of Public Welfare to the foster parent, preadoptive parent, or relative providing care for the child. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6336.1(b).

   See also 42 Pa.C.S. §  6341(d).

   Pursuant to paragraph (E), the court is to examine this report and consider it contents as it would consider any other evidence. Evidence is to be properly entered into the record before the court will consider it. Evidence submitted directly to the court is considered an ex parte communication and is strictly prohibited. See Rule 1136 on ex parte communications.

   Official Note

   Rule 1604 adopted December 18, 2009, effective immediately. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1604 published with the Court’s Order at 40 Pa.B. 21 (January 2, 2010).

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1604 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2434 (May 14, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1604 adopted December 18, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 21; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2434. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (347640) and (356721).

PART B(1). MODIFICATIONS

Rule 1606. Modification of Dependent Child’s Placement.
 A.  County agency’s duties.

   1)  Emergencies.

     a)   Only in an emergency when a judge cannot be reached, a child may be placed temporarily in a shelter care facility or other appropriate care.

     b)   The county agency immediately shall notify the court and all parties of any change made due to the emergency.

     c)   The county agency shall file a motion or stipulation for modification of the dispositional order by the next business day of the child’s placement in a shelter care facility or other appropriate care.

   2)  Non-emergent cases. In all other cases, the county agency shall seek approval of the court for a change in the child’s placement prior to the removal of the child from the placement by the filing of a motion or a stipulation for modification of the dispositional order.

 B.  Contents of the motion. The motion for modification of the dispositional order shall include:

   1)  the specific reasons for the necessity of change to the order;

   2)  the proposed placement;

   3)  the current location of the child;

   4)  the manner in which any educational, health care, and disability needs of the child will be addressed;

   5)  an averment as to whether each party concurs or objects to the proposal, including the child’s wishes if ascertainable; and

   6)  the signatures of all the parties.

 C.  Objections. If a party objects to proposed modification of the dispositional order, the objections shall be filed no later than three days after the filing of the motion for modification of the child’s placement.

 D.  Court’s duties. Once the county agency has requested approval from the court to modify a child’s placement or after an emergency change in placement has already taken place, the court may:

   1)  schedule a prompt hearing to determine whether there will be a modification of the child’s placement;

   2)  enter an appropriate order to modify the child’s placement; or

   3)  enter an order denying the motion.

Comment
   This rule is intended to address changes in the child’s placement. Brief temporary removals for hospitalization, respite situations, visitations, or other matters when a child will be returned to the same placement are not covered under this rule.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(1), if there must be a change in the placement of the child due to an emergent situation, the county agency may temporarily place a child in a shelter-care facility or other appropriate care pending the filing of a motion for modification of the dispositional order. The county agency immediately is to notify the court and all parties of the change made and file a motion or stipulation by the next business day.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A)(2), in all other cases, the court is to make a decision prior to the child being removed from the placement. Stability for the child is critical. Multiple placements can add to a child’s trauma. A child should not be shuffled from home to home out of convenience for a foster parent, relative, or other person caring for the child.

   Official Note

   Rule 1606 adopted April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1606 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2430 (May 14, 2011).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1606 adopted April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2430.

PART B(2). PERMANENCY HEARING

Rule 1607. Regular Scheduling of Permanency Hearings.
 A.  Thirty days. The court shall conduct permanency hearings within thirty days of:

   1)  an adjudication of dependency at which the court determined that aggravated circumstances exist and that reasonable efforts to prevent or eliminate the need to remove the child from the child’s guardian or to preserve and reunify the family need not be made or continue to be made;

   2)  a permanency hearing at which the court determined that aggravated circumstances exist and that reasonable efforts to prevent or eliminate the need to remove the child from the child’s guardian or to preserve and reunify the family need not be made or continue to be made and the permanency plan for the child is incomplete or inconsistent with the court’s determination;

   3)  an allegation that aggravated circumstances exist regarding a child who has been adjudicated dependent; or

   4)  a motion alleging that the hearing is necessary to protect the safety or physical, mental, or moral welfare of a dependent child.

 B.  Six months. The court shall conduct a permanency hearing within six months of:

   1)  the date of the child’s removal from the child’s guardian for placement pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6324 or 6332, or pursuant to a transfer of legal custody, or other disposition pursuant to Rule 1515, whichever is earliest; or

   2)  each previous permanency hearing until the child is removed from the jurisdiction of the court pursuant to Rule 1613.

Comment
   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351(e)(3).

   Paragraph (A) provides when permanency hearings are to be held within thirty days. If the requirements of paragraph (A) do not apply, the court is to hold a permanency hearing every six months in every case until the child is removed from the jurisdiction of the court pursuant to paragraph (B). This includes cases when the child is not removed from the home or the child was removed and subsequently returned to the guardian, but the child is under the court’s supervision.

   See Rule 1800(11).

   Official Note

   Rule 1607 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended September 16, 2009, effective immediately.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1607 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1607 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 5546 (September 26, 2009).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1607 amended September 16, 2009, effective September 16, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 5546. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (345022) to (345023).

Rule 1608. Permanency Hearing.
 (a)   Purpose and Timing of Hearing. For every case, the court shall conduct a permanency hearing at least every six months for purposes of determining or reviewing:

   1)  the permanency plan of the child;

   2)  the date by which the goal of permanency for the child might be achieved; and

   3)  whether the placement continues to be best suited to the safety, protection, and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child.

 (b)   Recording. The permanency hearing shall be recorded.

 (c)   Evidence.

   1)  Any evidence helpful in determining the appropriate course of action, including evidence that was not admissible at the adjudicatory hearing, shall be presented to the court.

   2)  If a report was submitted pursuant to Rule 1604, the court shall review and consider the report as it would consider all other evidence.

 (d)   Court’s Findings.

   1)  Findings at all Six-Month Hearings. At each permanency hearing, the court shall enter its findings and conclusions of law into the record and enter an order pursuant to Rule 1609. On the record in open court, the court shall state:

     (i)   the appropriateness of the placement;

     (ii)   the appropriateness, feasibility, and extent of compliance with the permanency plan developed for the child;

     (iii)   the appropriateness and feasibility of the current permanency goal for the child provided that, at no time may a goal be changed from reunification unless notice has been provided in accordance with Rule 1601(B);

     (iv)   the likely date by which the permanency goal for the child might be achieved;

     (v)   whether reasonable efforts were made to finalize the permanency plan in effect;

     (vi)   whether the county agency has made services available to the guardian, and if not, why those services have not been made available;

     (vii)   the continued appropriateness of the permanency plan and the concurrent plan;

     (viii)   whether the county agency has satisfied the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding, and if not, the findings and conclusions of the court on why the requirements have not been met by the county agency;

     (ix)   whether the child is safe;

     (x)   if the child has been placed outside the Commonwealth, whether the placement continues to be best suited to the safety, protection, and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child;

     (xi)   the services needed to assist a child who is 14 years of age or older to make the transition to a successful adulthood, including:

       (A)   whether services are being provided as required under 67 Pa.C.S. §  7505 (relating to transition plan and services);

       (B)   the specific independent living services or instructions that are currently being provided by the county agency or private provider;

       (C)   the areas of need in independent living instruction that have been identified by the independent living assessment completed pursuant to the Chafee Act, 42 U.S.C. § §  671 et seq.;

       (D)   the independent living services that the child will receive prior to the next permanency review hearing;

       (E)   whether the child is in the least restrictive, most family-like setting that will enable him to develop independent living skills;

       (F)   the efforts that have been made to develop and maintain connections with supportive adults regardless of placement type;

       (G)   whether the child is making adequate educational progress to graduate from high school or whether the child is enrolled in another specified educational program that will assist the child in achieving self-sufficiency;

       (H)   the job-readiness services that have been provided to the child and the employment/career goals that have been established;

       (I)   whether the child has physical health or behavioral health needs that will require continued services into adulthood; and

       (J)   the steps being taken to ensure that the youth will have stable housing or living arrangements when discharged from care;

     (xii)   any educational, health care, and disability needs of the child and the plan to ensure those needs are met;

     (xiii)   if a sibling of a child has been removed from the home and is in a different setting than the child, whether reasonable efforts have been made to place the child and sibling of the child together or whether such joint placement is contrary to the safety or well-being of the child or sibling;

     (xiv)   if the child has a sibling, whether visitation of the child with that sibling is occurring no less than twice a month, unless a finding is made that visitation is contrary to the safety or well-being of the child or sibling;

     (xv)   whether sufficient steps have been taken by the county agency to ensure the caregiver is exercising the reasonable and prudent parent standard;

     (xvi)   whether sufficient steps have been taken by the county agency to ensure the child has been provided regular, ongoing opportunities to engage in age-appropriate or developmentally-appropriate activities, including:

       (A)   consulting the child in an age-appropriate or developmentally-appropriate manner about the opportunities to participate in activities; and

       (B)   identifying and addressing any barriers to participation; and

     (xvii)   whether the visitation schedule for the child with the child’s guardian is adequate, unless a finding is made that visitation is contrary to the safety or well-being of the child.

   2)  Another Planned Permanent Living Arrangement (APPLA) for Children 18 Years of Age or Older. APPLA shall not be utilized for any child under the age of 18. At each permanency hearing for a child who is 18 years or older and has a permanency goal of APPLA, the following additional considerations, inquiry, and findings shall be made by the court:

     (i)    Court’s APPLA Considerations. Before making its findings pursuant to subdivision (d)(2)(iii), the court shall consider evidence, which is obtained as of the date of the hearing, and entered into the record concerning:

       (A)   the intensive, ongoing, and unsuccessful efforts made to:

         (I)   return the child home; or

         (II)   secure a placement for the child with a fit and willing relative, a legal guardian, or an adoptive parent;

       (B)   the specific services, including the use of search technology and social media to find biological family members and kin, as well as permanency services that have been provided to the child that serve as the intensive ongoing, and unsuccessful efforts to achieve reunification, adoption, or placement with a guardian or a fit and willing relative;

       (C)   the full names of at least two identified supportive adults with whom the child has significant connections;

       (D)   how each identified supportive adult has formalized the connection with the child;

       (E)   the specific services that will be provided by the agency to support and maintain the connection between the child and identified supportive adult(s); and

       (F)   the specific planned, permanent placement or living arrangement for the child that will provide the child with stability.

     (ii)    Court’s Inquiry of Child’s Desired Permanency Outcome. Before making its findings pursuant to subdivision (d)(2)(iii), the court shall ask the child about the child’s desired permanency outcome.

     (iii)    Court’s APPLA Findings. After making all the findings of subdivision (d)(1) and before assigning the permanency goal of APPLA, at each subsequent permanency hearing, based upon the considerations and inquiry provided in subdivision (d)(2)(i)-(ii) and any other evidence deemed appropriate by the court, the court shall state in open court on the record the following:

       (A)   reasons why APPLA continues to be the best permanency plan for the child; and

       (B)   compelling reasons why it continues not to be in the best interests of the child to:

         (I)   return home;

         (II)   be placed for adoption;

         (III)   be placed with a legal guardian;

         (IV)   be placed with a fit and willing relative; and

       (C)   the full names of at least two identified supportive adults with whom the child has significant connections; and

       (D)   the identity of the specific APPLA approved by the court.

   (3)  Additional Findings for 15 of Last 22 Months. If the child has been in placement for 15 of the last 22 months, the court may direct the county agency to file a petition for involuntary termination of parental rights.

 (e)   Advanced Communication Technology. Upon good cause shown, a court may utilize advanced communication technology pursuant to Rule 1129.

 (f)   Family Service Plan or Permanency Plan.

   1)  The county agency shall review the family service plan or permanency plan at least every six months, including all family finding efforts pursuant to Rule 1149.

   2)  The family service plan or permanency plan shall identify which relatives and kin were included in its development and the method of that inclusion.

   3)  If the plan is modified, the county agency shall follow the filing and service requirements pursuant to Rule 1345.

   4)  The parties and when requested, the court, shall be provided with the modified plan at least 15 days prior to the permanency hearing.

Comment:
   See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6341, 6351.

   Permanency planning is a concept whereby children are not relegated to the limbo of spending their childhood in foster homes, but instead, dedicated effort is made by the court and the county agency to rehabilitate and reunite the family in a reasonable time, and failing in this, to free the child for adoption. In re M.B., 674 A.2d 702, 704 (Pa. Super. 1996) (quoting In re Quick, 559 A.2d 42 (Pa. 1989)).

   To the extent practicable, the judge or juvenile court hearing officer who presided over the adjudicatory and original dispositional hearing for a child should preside over the permanency hearing for the same child.

   Pursuant to subdivision (a), courts are to conduct a permanency hearing every six months. Courts are strongly encouraged to conduct more frequent permanency hearings, such as every three months, when possible.

   The court may schedule a three-month hearing or conference. At the three-month hearing, the court should ensure that: 1) services ordered at the dispositional hearing pursuant to Rule 1512 are put into place by the county agency; 2) the guardian who is the subject of the petition is given access to the services ordered; 3) the guardian is cooperating with the court-ordered services; and 4) a concurrent plan is developed if the primary plan may not be achieved.

   A three-month hearing or conference is considered best practice for dependency cases and is highly recommended. The court should not wait until six months has elapsed to determine if the case is progressing. Time to achieve permanency is critical in dependency cases. In order to seek reimbursement under Title IV-E of the Social Security Act, 42 U.S.C. § §  601 et seq., a full permanency hearing is to be conducted every six months, including required findings and conclusions of law on the record pursuant to subdivision (d).

   In addition to the permanency hearing contemplated by this rule, courts may also conduct additional and/or more frequent intermittent review hearings or status conferences that address specific issues based on the circumstances of the case and assist the court in ensuring timely permanency.

   Every child should have a concurrent plan, which is a secondary plan to be pursued if the primary permanency plan for the child cannot be achieved. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 1512, Comment. For example, the primary plan may be reunification with the guardian. If the guardian does not substantially comply with the requirements of the court-ordered services, subsidized legal guardianship may be utilized as the concurrent plan. Because of time requirements, the concurrent plan is to be in place so that permanency may be achieved in a timely manner.

   Subdivision (d)(1)(iii) is intended to provide adequate notice and the opportunity to be heard when a goal is being changed from reunification. If the court intends to change the child’s goal from reunification without a prior notice provided by a party pursuant to Rule 1601(B), then the court shall direct the county agency to provide such notice in accordance with Rule 1601(B).

   Pursuant to subdivision (d)(1)(viii), the court is to determine whether the county agency has reasonably satisfied the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding, including the location and engagement of relatives and kin at least every six months, prior to each permanency hearing. If the county agency has failed to meet the diligent family finding efforts requirements of Rule 1149, the court is to utilize its powers to enforce this legislative mandate. See 67 Pa.C.S. § §   7501 et seq. See also Pa.R.J.C.P. 1210(D)(8), 1242(E)(3), 1409(C), 1609(D), and 1611(C), and Comments to Pa.R.J.C.P. 1242, 1408, 1409, 1512, 1514, 1515, 1609, and 1611.

   When making its determination for reasonable efforts made by the county agency, the court is to consider family finding. See also Pa.R.J.C.P. 1240(B)(6), 1242(C)(2), (C)(3)(b)-(c), and 1330(B)(6), and Comments to Pa.R.J.C.P. 1242, 1330, 1409, 1515, 1609, and 1611 for reasonable efforts determinations.

   See 42 U.S.C. §  675(5)(A)—(I) and 67 Pa.C.S. §  7505 for development of a transition plan pursuant to subdivision (d)(1)(xi).

   Pursuant to subdivision (d)(1)(xv), the county agency is to testify and enter evidence into the record on how it took sufficient steps to ensure the caregiver is exercising the reasonable and prudent parent standard. For the definition of ‘‘caregiver’’ and the ‘‘reasonable and prudent parent standard,’’ see Rule 1120. Pursuant to subdivision (d)(1)(xvi), when documenting its steps taken, the county agency is to include how it consulted with the child in an age-appropriate or developmentally-appropriate manner about the opportunities of the child to participate in activities. For the definition of ‘‘age-appropriate or developmentally-appropriate,’’ see Rule 1120. These additions have been made to help dependent children have a sense of normalcy in their lives. These children should be able to participate in extracurricular, enrichment, cultural, and social activities without having to consult caseworkers and ask the court’s permission many days prior to the event. See also Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act (P.L. 113-183), 42 U.S.C. § §  675 and 675a (2014).

   Pursuant to subdivision (d)(2), there are additional considerations, inquiries, and findings when the court conducts a permanency hearing for a child, who is 18 years of age or older and has a permanency plan of APPLA. APPLA should only be utilized as a permanency plan when all other alternatives have been exhausted. Even after exhaustive efforts have been made, the county agency should identify at least two supportive adults to be involved in the life of the child. Diligent efforts to search for relatives, guardians, adoptive parents, or kin are to be utilized. See Rule 1149 on family finding. Independent living services should also be addressed. Under subdivision (d)(2)(i)(A)(II), a fit and willing relative may include adult siblings.

   Pursuant to subdivision (d)(2)(ii), the court is to engage the child in conversation to ascertain the child’s desired permanency outcome. The conversation is to be between the child and the court, not the guardian ad litem answering for the child.

   After all the requirements of subdivision (d)(1) and (d)(2)(i)-(ii) have been made, the court is to state in open court on the record the specific reasons why APPLA continues to be the best permanency plan for the child, the compelling reasons why it continues not to be in the best interests of the child to return home or be placed for adoption, with a legal guardian, or with a fit and willing relative, and the full names of at least two identified supportive adults with whom the child has significant connections. See subdivision (d)(2)(iii). The standards of this rule make choosing the plan of APPLA difficult to ensure that it is the last alternative available for the child. Additionally, this rule requires the court to state its finding in open court on the record. If the court takes a case under advisement, it is to continue the hearing until it is ready to make these findings. The time requirements of the Rules are to be followed when taking a case under advisement.

   Concerning subdivision (d)(3), a petition for involuntary termination of parental rights is authorized by 23 Pa.C.S. § §  2511—2514 and proceeds in accordance with Chapter 15 of the Pennsylvania Rules of Orphans’ Court Procedure.

   The court is to move expeditiously towards permanency. A goal change motion may be filed at any time.

   A President Judge may allow Common Pleas Judges to ‘‘wear multiple hats’’ during a proceeding by conducting a combined hearing on dependency and Orphans’ Court matters. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351(i); see also In re Adoption of S.E.G., 901 A.2d 1017 (Pa. 2006), where involuntary termination occurred prior to a goal change by the county agency.

   For family service plan requirements, see 55 Pa. Code § §  3130.61 and 3130.63.

   See Rule 1136 regarding ex parte communications.

   See Rule 1610 for permanency hearing for children over the age of eighteen.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1608 amended December 18, 2009, effective immediately, 40 Pa.B. 21; amended April 21, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2319; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2430; amended October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6658; amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended December 9, 2015, effective January 1, 2016, 45 Pa.B. 7289; amended June 14, 2016, effective on August 1, 2016, 46 Pa.B. 3415; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313; amended May 17, 2018, effective October 1, 2018, 48 Pa.B. 3321; amended November 30, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7632; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (393122) to (393124) and (407957) to (407959).

Rule 1609. Permanency Hearing Orders.
 A.  Court Order. After every permanency hearing, the court shall issue a written order, which provides whether the permanency plan is best suited to the safety, protection, and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child.

 B.  Determination made. The court’s order shall reflect a determination made pursuant to Rule 1608(D).

 C.  Transfer of custody. If the court decides to transfer custody of the child to a person found to be qualified to provide care, shelter, and supervision of the child, the permanency order shall include:

   1)  the name and address of such person unless disclosure is prohibited by court order;

   2)  the limitations of the order, including the type of custody granted; and

   3)  any temporary visitation rights of parents.

 D. Orders on family finding.

   1)  The court order shall indicate whether family finding efforts made by the county agency were reasonable;

   2)  If the family finding efforts were not reasonable, the court shall order the county agency to engage in family finding prior to the next permanency hearing;

 E.  Orders concerning education.

   1)  The court’s order shall address the stability and appropriateness of the child’s education; and

   2)  When appropriate, the court shall appoint an educational decision maker pursuant to Rule 1147.

 F.  Orders concerning health care and disability.

   1)  The court’s order shall identify, monitor, and address the child’s needs concerning health care and disability; and

   2)  The court’s orders shall authorize evaluations and treatment if parental consent cannot be obtained.

 G.  Guardians. The permanency order shall include any conditions, limitations, restrictions, and obligations imposed upon the guardian.

Comment:
   When issuing a permanency order, the court should issue an order that is ‘‘best suited to the safety, protection, and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child.’’ 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351(a). See In re S.J., 906 A.2d 547, 551 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2006) (citing In re Tameka M., 525 Pa. 348, 580 A.2d 750 (1990)), for issues addressing a child’s mental and moral welfare.

   Pursuant to paragraph (D), when making its determination for reasonable efforts made by the county agency, the court is to consider the extent to which the county agency has fulfilled its obligation pursuant to Rule 1149 regarding family finding. See also Rules 1240(B)(6), 1242(C)(2) & (3)(b) & (c), and 1330(B)(6) and Comments to Rules 1242, 1330, 1409, 1515, 1608, 1610, and 1611 for reasonable efforts determinations.

   If the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding have not been met, the court is to make necessary orders to ensure compliance by enforcing this legislative mandate. See 67 Pa.C.S. § §  7501 et seq. See also Pa.R.J.C.P. 1210(D)(8), 1242(E)(3), and 1409(C), and Comments to Pa.R.J.C.P. 1242, 1408, 1409, 1512, 1514, 1515, 1608, 1610, and 1611.

   Pursuant to subdivision (E), the court’s order is to address the child’s educational stability, including the right to an educational decision maker. The order should address the child’s right to: 1) educational stability, including the right to: a) remain in the same school regardless of a change in placement when it is in the child’s best interest; b) immediate enrollment when a school change is in the child’s best interest; and c) have school proximity considered in all placement changes, 42 U.S.C. § §  675(1)(G) and 11431 et seq.; 2) an educational decision maker pursuant to Rule 1147, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6301, 20 U.S.C. §  1439(a)(5), and 34 C.F.R. §  300.519; 3) an appropriate education, including any necessary special education, early intervention, or remedial services pursuant to 24 P.S. § §  13-1371 and 13-1372, 55 Pa. Code §  3130.87, and 20 U.S.C. § §  1400 et seq.; 4) the educational services necessary to support the child’s transition to successful adulthood pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351 if the child is 14 or older; and 5) a transition plan that addresses the child’s educational needs pursuant to 42 U.S.C. §  675(5)(H) if the child will age out of care within 90 days.

   Pursuant to paragraph (F), the court’s order is to address the child’s needs concerning health care and disability. The order should address the right of: 1) a child to receive timely and medically appropriate screenings and health care services pursuant to 55 Pa. Code § §  3700.51 and 3800.32 and 42 U.S.C. §  1396d(r); 2) a child to a transition plan that addresses the child’s health care needs, and includes specific options for how the child can obtain health insurance after leaving care pursuant to 42 U.S.C. §  675(5)(H) if the child will age out of care within ninety days; and 3) a child with disabilities to receive necessary accommodations pursuant to 42 U.S.C. §  12132; 28 C.F.R. §  35.101 et seq., Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. §  794, and implementing regulations at 45 C.F.R. §  84.1 et seq. In addition, the court is to ensure progress and compliance with the child’s case plan for the ongoing oversight and coordination of health care services under 42 U.S.C. §  622(b)(15).

   Pursuant to the Juvenile Act, the court has authority to order a physical or mental examination of a child and medical or surgical treatment of a minor, who is suffering from a serious physical condition or illness which requires prompt treatment in the opinion of a physician. The court may order the treatment even if the guardians have not been given notice of the pending hearing, are not available, or without good cause inform the court that they do not consent to the treatment. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6339(b).

   See Rule 1611 for permanency hearing orders for children over the age of eighteen.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1609 amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413; amended October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6658; amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended November 30, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7632; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (407959) to (407961).

Rule 1610. Permanency Hearing for Children over Eighteen.
 A.  Purpose and timing of hearing. For every case for children over the age of eighteen, the court shall conduct a permanency hearing at least every six months for purposes of determining:

   (1)  whether the child continues to meet the definition of child under Rule 1120 and has requested the court to retain dependency jurisdiction;

   2)  whether the transition plan of the child is consistent with Rule 1631(E)(2);

   3)  the date by which the goal of permanency for the child might be achieved; and

   4)  whether the placement continues to be best suited to the safety, protection, and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child.

 B.  Recording. The permanency hearing shall be recorded.

 C.  Evidence. Any evidence helpful in determining the appropriate course of action, including evidence that was not admissible at the adjudicatory hearing, shall be presented to the court.

 D.  Court’s findings. At the permanency hearing, the court shall enter its findings and conclusions of law into the record and enter an order pursuant to Rule 1611. The court shall make a determination whether the county agency has satisfied the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding, and if not, the findings and conclusions of the court on why the requirements have not been met by the county agency.

Comment:
   See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6341, 6351.

   To the extent practicable, the judge or juvenile court hearing officer who presided over the adjudicatory and original dispositional hearing for a child should preside over the permanency hearings for the same child. In resumption of jurisdiction cases, to the extent practicable, the judge or juvenile court hearing officer who presided over the original case should preside over the re-opened case.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A), courts are to conduct a permanency hearing every six months. Courts are strongly encouraged to conduct more frequent permanency hearings, such as every three months, when possible.

   A three-month hearing or conference is considered best practice for dependency cases and is highly recommended. The court should not wait until six months has elapsed to determine if the transition plan is progressing. Time to achieve permanency is critical in dependency cases. In order to seek reimbursement under Title IV-E of the Social Security Act, 42 U.S.C. §  601 et seq., a full permanency hearing is to be conducted every six months.

   In addition to the permanency hearing contemplated by this rule, courts may also conduct additional and/or more frequent intermittent review hearings or status conferences, which address specific issues based on the circumstances of the case, and which assist the court in ensuring timely transition.

   See 42 U.S.C. §  675 (5)(A)—(H) for development of a transition plan.

   See Rule 1128 regarding presence at proceedings and Rule 1136 regarding ex parte communications.

   Pursuant to subdivision (D), the court is to determine whether the county agency has reasonably satisfied the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding, including the location and engagement of relatives and kin at least every six months, prior to each permanency hearing. If the county agency has failed to meet the diligent family finding efforts requirements of Rule 1149, the court is to utilize its powers to enforce this legislative mandate. See 67 Pa.C.S. § §  7501 et seq. See also Pa.R.J.C.P. 1210(D)(8), 1242(E)(3), 1409(C), 1609(D), and 1611(C), and Comments to Pa.R.J.C.P. 1242, 1408, 1409, 1512, 1514, 1515, 1608, 1609, and 1611.

   When making its determination for reasonable efforts made by the county agency, the court is to consider family finding. See also Rules 1240(B)(6), 1242(C)(2) & (3)(b) & (c) and 1330(B)(6) and Comments to Rules 1242, 1330, 1409, 1515, 1608, 1609, and 1611 for reasonable efforts determinations.

   When the court has resumed jurisdiction pursuant to Rule 1635, the court is to schedule regular permanency hearings. The county agency is to develop a new transition plan for the child.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1610 adopted October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6658; amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313; amended November 30, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7632; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (407961) to (407962).

Rule 1611. Permanency Hearing Orders for Children over Eighteen.
 A.  Court order. After every permanency hearing for children over the age of eighteen, the court shall issue a written order, which provides whether the transition plan is best suited to the safety, protection, and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child.

 B.  Determinations made. The court’s order shall reflect the determinations made pursuant to Rule 1610(D).

 C. Orders on family finding.

   1)  The court order shall indicate whether family finding efforts made by the county agency were reasonable;

   2)  If the family finding efforts were not reasonable, the court shall order the county agency to engage in family finding prior to the next permanency hearing;

 D.  Orders concerning education. The court’s order shall address the stability and appropriateness of the child’s education, if applicable, including whether an educational decision maker is appropriate.

 E.  Orders concerning health care and disability.

   1)  The court’s order shall identify, monitor, and address the child’s needs concerning health care and disability; and

   2)  The court’s orders may authorize evaluations and treatment.

Comment:
   When issuing a permanency order, the court should issue an order that is ‘‘best suited to the safety, protection, and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child.’’ 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351(a). See In re S.J., 906 A.2d 547, 551 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2006) (citing In re Tameka M., 525 Pa. 348, 580 A.2d 750 (1990)), for issues addressing a child’s mental and moral welfare.

   Pursuant to paragraph (C), when making its determination for reasonable efforts made by the county agency, the court is to consider the extent to which the county agency has fulfilled its obligation pursuant to Rule 1149 regarding family finding. See also Rules 1240(B)(6), 1242(C)(2) & (3)(b) & (c), and 1330(B)(6) and Comments to Rules 1242, 1330, 1409, 1515, 1608, 1609, and 1610 for reasonable efforts determinations.

   If the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding have not been met, the court is to make necessary orders to ensure compliance by enforcing this legislative mandate. See 67 Pa.C.S. § §  7501 et seq. See also Pa.R.J.C.P. 1210(D)(8), 1242(E)(3), and 1409(C), and Comments to Pa.R.J.C.P. 1242, 1408, 1409, 1512, 1514, 1515, 1608, 1609, and 1610.

   Pursuant to paragraph (D), the court’s order is to address the child’s educational stability, including the right to an educational decision maker. The intent of this paragraph is to ensure that the inquiry regarding the appointment of an educational decision maker is considered. Federal and state law requires educational decision makers until the age of twenty-one if an educational decision maker is necessary. See Comment to Rule 1609(E) and 34 C.F.R. §  300.320(c).

   Pursuant to paragraph (E), the court’s order is to address the child’s needs concerning health care and disability. See Comment to Rule 1609(F).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1611 adopted October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6658; amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended November 30, 2021, effective January 1, 2022, 51 Pa.B. 7632; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (407962) to (407963).

PART (C). POST-DISPOSITIONAL PROCEDURES

Rule 1613. [Reserved].

Comment
   This rule was renumbered from Rule 1613 to Rule 1631 on October 21, 2013. See Rule 1631.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1613 amended August 29, 2009, effective immediately, 39 Pa.B. 4887; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2430; reserved and renumbered as 237 Pa. Code Rule 1631 October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6658. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (357370) to (357373).

Rule 1616. Post-Dispositional Procedures; Appeals [Reserved].

PART D. CESSATION OR RESUMPTION OF COURT SUPERVISION OR JURISDICTION

Rule


1631.    Termination of Court Supervision.
1634.    Motion for Resumption of Jurisdiction.
1635.    Hearing on Motion for Resumption of Jurisdiction.
Rule 1631. Termination of Court Supervision.
 (a)  Concluding Supervision. Any party, or the court on its own motion, may move for the termination of supervision when court-ordered services from the county agency are no longer needed and:

   1)  the child has remained with the guardian and the circumstances which necessitated the dependency adjudication have been alleviated;

   2)  the child has been reunified with the guardian and the circumstances which necessitated the dependency adjudication and placement have been alleviated;

   3)  the child is under 18 years of age and has been placed with a ready, willing, and able parent who was not previously identified by the county agency;

   4)  the child has been adopted and services from the county agency are no longer needed;

   5)  the child has been placed in the custody of a permanent legal custodian and services from the county agency are no longer needed;

   6)  the child has been placed in the physical and legal custody of a fit and willing relative and services from the county agency are no longer needed;

   7)  the child has been placed in another living arrangement intended to be permanent and services from the county agency are no longer needed and a hearing has been held pursuant to subdivision (e) for a child who is age eighteen or older;

   8)  the child has been adjudicated delinquent and services from the county agency are no longer needed because all dependency issues have been resolved;

   9)  the child has been emancipated by the court;

   10)  the child is 18 years of age or older and a hearing has been held pursuant to subdivision (e);

   11)  the child has died;

   12)  a court in another county of this Commonwealth has accepted jurisdiction; or

   13)  a court in another state has accepted jurisdiction.

 (b)  Ready, Willing, and Able Parent. When services from the county agency are no longer necessary because the court has determined that the child is not dependent pursuant to subdivision (a)(3) because a non-custodial parent has been found by the court to be able and available, the court shall enter an order awarding custody to that parent and the court order shall have the effect and be docketed as a decision entered pursuant to the Pennsylvania Rules of Civil Procedure.

 (c)   Objection. Any party may object to a motion under subdivision (a) and request a hearing.

 (d)   Hearing. If objections have been made under subdivision (c), the court shall hold a hearing and give each party an opportunity to be heard before the court enters its final order.

 (e)   Children 18 Years of Age or Older.

   1)  Before the court can terminate its supervision of a child who is 18 years of age or older, a hearing shall be held at least 90 days prior to the child turning 18 years of age.

   2)  Prior to the hearing, the child shall have the opportunity to make decisions about the transition plan and confer with the county agency about the details of the plan. The county agency shall provide the transition plan to the court and the plan shall, at a minimum, include:

     (i)   the specific plans for housing;

     (ii)   a description of the child’s source of income;

     (iii)   the specific plans for pursuing educational or vocational training goals;

     (iv)   the child’s employment goals and whether the child is employed;

     (v)   a description of the health insurance plan that the child is expected to obtain and any continued health or behavioral health needs of the child;

     (vi)   a description of any available programs that would provide mentors or assistance in establishing positive adult connections;

     (vii)   verification that all vital identification documents and records have been provided to the child;

     (viii)   a description of any other needed support services;

     (ix)   a list, with contact information, of supportive adults and family members; and

     (x)   notice to the child that the child can request resumption of juvenile court jurisdiction until the child turns 21 years of age if specific conditions are met.

   3)  At the hearing, the court shall review the transition plan for the child. If the court is not satisfied that the requirements of subdivision (e)(2) have been met, a subsequent hearing shall be scheduled.

   4)  The court shall not terminate its supervision of the child without approving an appropriate transition plan, unless the child, after an appropriate transition plan has been offered, is unwilling to consent to the supervision and the court determines termination is warranted.

 (f)   Cessation of Services. When all of the above listed requirements have been met, the court may discharge the child from its supervision and close the case.

Comment:
   For procedures on motions, see Rule 1344. For procedures on the dispositional order, see Rule 1515.

   For guidelines under subdivision (a), see 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6301(b) and 6351(f.1).

   Pursuant to subdivision (a)(8), if a child has been adjudicated delinquent, the court may terminate court supervision unless dependency is necessary for placement. In re Deanna S., 619 A.2d 758 (Pa. Super. 1993). The court may also decide to retain dependency jurisdiction regardless of the delinquency adjudication because the child still needs dependency services.

   If dependency issues have not been resolved, the case should be kept open and services ordered. The court should ensure that services are not discontinued solely because the child was adjudicated delinquent. The county agency and the juvenile probation are to collaborate on the case and resolve all outstanding issues. If a child is in a delinquency placement, the court is to ensure that the county agency and the juvenile probation office have collaborated to ensure appropriate services are in place.

   For procedures on emancipation pursuant to subdivision (a)(9), see Berks County Children and Youth Services v. Rowan, 631 A.2d 615 (Pa. Super. 1993). See also 22 Pa. Code §  11.11, 55 Pa. Code §  145.62.

   Pursuant to subdivision (a)(10), a child who was adjudicated dependent prior to reaching the age of 18 and who, while engaged in a course of instruction or treatment, requests the court to retain jurisdiction until the course has been completed, may remain in the course of instruction or treatment until the age of 21. 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302. See also 55 Pa. Code § §  3103.5 and 3130.87; In re S.J., 906 A.2d 547 (Pa. Super. 2006).

   The court may not terminate jurisdiction solely because the dependent child is a runaway. In re Deanna S., 619 A.2d 758 (Pa. Super. 1993).

   Pursuant to subdivision (b), a child whose non-custodial parent is ready, willing, and able to provide adequate care for the child may not be found dependent. See In re M.L., 757 A.2d 849 (Pa. 2000). Subdivision (b) does not apply to resumption of jurisdiction cases.

   A court may transfer permanent legal custody to a person found by the court to be qualified to receive and care for the child. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351(a)(2.1). See also Justin S., 543 A.2d 1192 (Pa. Super. 1988).

   Pursuant to subdivision (e)(2), the county agency is to assist the child and provide all the support necessary in developing a transition plan. See 42 U.S.C. §  675(5)(A)—(H); 67 Pa.C.S. §  7505.

   Pursuant to subdivision (e)(3), the court is to approve a transition plan that is suitable for the child and that has been personalized at the direction of the child.

   If the court has resumed jurisdiction pursuant to Rule 1635, a new transition plan is to be developed for the child. Before the court can terminate supervision, the requirements of subdivision (e) are to be followed. In no case is a juvenile over 21 to remain under juvenile court supervision. See Pa.R.J.C.P. 1635(E). See also Rule 1635(E) for termination of juvenile court jurisdiction if the court denies the motion for resumption of jurisdiction.

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1631 renumbered from 237 Pa. Code Rule 1613 and amended October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6658; amended March 22, 2023, effective October 1, 2023, 53 Pa.B. 1791. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (407964) to (407967).

Rule 1634. Motion for Resumption of Jurisdiction.
 A.  Venue. A motion to resume jurisdiction shall be filed with the court that terminated court supervision of the child pursuant to Rule 1631.

 B.  Contents. The motion for resumption of jurisdiction shall aver:

   1)  dependency jurisdiction was previously terminated:

     a)   within ninety days prior to the child’s eighteenth birthday; or

     b)   on or after the child’s eighteenth birthday; and

   2)  the child:

     a)   is under twenty-one years of age;

     b)   was adjudicated dependent prior to turning eighteen years of age;

     c)   has requested the court to resume jurisdiction; and

     d)   is:

       i)   completing secondary education or an equivalent credential;

       ii)   enrolled in an institution which provides postsecondary or vocational education;

       iii)   participating in a program actively designed to promote or prevent barriers to employment;

       iv)   employed for at least eighty hours per month; or

       v)   incapable of doing any of the activities as prescribed in paragraphs (B)(2)(d)(i)—(iv) due to a medical or behavioral health condition, which is supported by regularly updated information in the permanency plan for the child;

   3)  whether the child would like his or her guardian or other interested adult involved in the court proceedings;

   4)  that a verification has been signed by the child attesting the above requirements have been met; and

   5)  whether an expedited hearing for placement and services is being requested due to the child’s current living arrangement.

 C.  Service. A copy of the motion shall be served upon:

   1)  the county agency;

   2)  the attorney for the county agency;

   3)  the child;

   4)  the child’s attorney; and

   5)  the guardian or other interested adult if the child requesting resumption of jurisdiction would like the guardian or other interested adult involved in the case as averred in paragraph (B)(3).

Comment
   A motion to resume jurisdiction can be filed by the child, county agency, or attorney for the child. At the request of the child, if the county agency or previous attorney is approached by the child concerning the court reopening the child’s case, the county agency or attorney is to assist the child in the filing of the motion.

   Pursuant to paragraph (A), the motion is to be filed in the county that terminated juvenile court jurisdiction. If the juvenile has moved to another county, the juvenile may request the court to transfer jurisdiction pursuant to Rule 1302 at any time after the filing of the motion to resume jurisdiction, including prior to the hearing on the motion. See Rules 1302 and 1635.

   If the child does not have an attorney at the time of the filing of the motion, the court is to assign legal counsel pursuant to Rule 1151 and immediately order service of the motion to resume jurisdiction on the child’s attorney. It is best practice to appoint the guardian ad litem or legal counsel who was previously assigned to the child as legal counsel. See Rule 1151.

   If the child is the party filing the motion, the President Judge of each judicial district is to designate a person to serve the other parties for the child. If the county agency or attorney is filing the motion, they should serve the other parties.

   If the child has averred that the child desires the involvement of a guardian or other interested adult in their case, this person is to be served with the motion and given notice of any subsequent hearings if the court orders such involvement. Notice does not confer standing upon the guardian or other interested adult. See Rule 1635(B)(5) and Comment.

   See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6302 & 6351(j).

   See also Rule 1300 for change of venue and Rule 1302 for inter-county transfer of the case.

   Official Note

   Adopted October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1634 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 6658 (November 9, 2013).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1634 adopted October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6658.

Rule 1635. Hearing on Motion for Resumption of Jurisdiction.
 A.  Time for hearing. Within thirty days of receiving a motion for resumption of jurisdiction, the court shall conduct a hearing to determine whether it will resume juvenile court jurisdiction.

 B.  Notice. Notice of the date, time, place, and purpose of the hearing shall be given to:

   1)  the county agency;

   2)  the attorney for the county agency;

   3)  the child;

   4)  the child’s attorney;

   5)  any other persons, including the guardian or other interested adult, as directed by the court.

 C.  Hearing. At the hearing, the court shall state its findings and conclusions of law on the record in open court as to whether:

   1)  dependency jurisdiction was previously terminated:

     a)   within ninety days prior to the child’s eighteenth birthday; or

     b)   on or after the child’s eighteenth birthday but before the child turns twenty-one years of age; and

   2)  the child continues to meet the definition of child pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302 because the child:

     a)   is under twenty-one years of age;

     b)   was adjudicated dependent prior to turning eighteen years of age;

     c)   has requested the court to resume jurisdiction; and

     d)   is:

       i)   completing secondary education or an equivalent credential;

       ii)   enrolled in an institution which provides postsecondary or vocational education;

       iii)   participating in a program actively designed to promote or prevent barriers to employment;

       iv)   employed for at least eighty hours per month; or

       v)   incapable of doing any of the activities as prescribed in paragraphs (C)(2)(d)(i)—(iv) due to a medical or behavioral health condition, which is supported by regularly updated information in the permanency plan for the child;

   3)  reasonable efforts were made by the county agency to prevent the return of the child to juvenile court jurisdiction unless, due to the child’s immediate need for assistance, such lack of efforts was reasonable;

   4)  it will exercise jurisdiction pursuant to 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351(j) because it is best suited to the protection and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child;

   5)  a guardian or other interested adult should be involved in the child’s case;

   6)  there are any health or educational needs of the child; and

   7)  the county agency has developed an appropriate transition plan.

 D.  Orders.

   1)  After a hearing, the court shall enter an order granting or denying the motion to resume juvenile court jurisdiction.

   2)  If the court resumes jurisdiction, the court shall order:

     a)   that resumption of jurisdiction is best suited to the protection and physical, mental, and moral welfare of the child;

     b)   any findings as to the transition plan for the child;

     c)   regular scheduling of permanency hearings pursuant to Rule 1608;

     d)   any designations of custody and/or placement of the child; and

     e)   any evaluations, tests, or treatments for the health and educational needs of the child.

 E.  Termination of court supervision in resumption cases.

   1)  Once the goals in the transition plan have been accomplished for a child which, at a minimum, includes the requirements pursuant to Rule 1631(E)(2), or the child has refused to cooperate with the plan, a party may move for termination of court supervision pursuant to Rule 1631.

   2)  In no event shall a child remain under juvenile court supervision once the child has turned twenty-one years of age.

 F.  Advanced Communication Technology. The provisions of Rule 1129 shall apply to this proceeding.

Comment
   The court may decide whether a guardian or other interested adult will participate in the child’s case. The court is to consider the preferences of the child when making an order for participation. See Rule 1634(B)(3) for notation of child’s preference and 42 Pa.C.S. §  6310 for guardian involvement. Notice or invitation to participate does not confer standing upon the guardian or other interested adult.

   See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6302 & 6351(j).

   A juvenile court hearing officer may conduct these hearings. See Rule 1187.

   If the court resumes jurisdiction, the county agency is to engage in family finding unless presently or previously discontinued pursuant to Rule 1149(B). See Rules 1608(D)(1)(h) and 1610(D) (court findings at permanency hearing whether the county agency has satisfied the requirements of Rule 1149 regarding family finding). If family finding was previously discontinued, the county agency may seek to resume family finding efforts pursuant to Rule 1149(C).

   Official Note

   Adopted October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013. Amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1635 published with the Court’s Order at 43 Pa.B. 6658 (November 9, 2013).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1635 published with the Court’s Order at 45 Pa.B. 3987 (July 25, 2015).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1635 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1635 adopted October 21, 2013, effective December 1, 2013, 43 Pa.B. 6658; amended July 13, 2015, effective October 1, 2015, 45 Pa.B. 3987; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (378006) to (378008).
























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter17/chap17toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 17. AGGRAVATED CIRCUMSTANCES
Rule


1701.    Motion for Finding of Aggravated Circumstances.
1702.    Filing of Motion for Finding of Aggravated Circumstances.
1705.    Adjudication of Aggravated Circumstances.
Rule 1701. Motion for Finding of Aggravated Circumstances.
 A.  Dependency Petitions. A motion for finding of aggravated circumstances may be included in a dependency petition pursuant to Rule 1330.

 B.  Motion for Aggravated Circumstances. If it is determined that aggravated circumstances exist after the filing of the petition, a request for a finding of aggravated circumstances shall be made by motion pursuant to Rule 1344. The motion shall be written.

Comment
   See 42 Pa.C.S. § §  6302, 6334(b).

   Under paragraph (B), all motions for a finding of aggravated circumstances are to be written. Oral motions under Rule 1344 do not apply to motions for finding of aggravated circumstances.

   The aggravated circumstances, as defined by 42 Pa.C.S. §  6302, are to be specifically identified in the motion for finding of aggravated circumstances.

   Official Note

   Rule 1701 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1701 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1702. Filing of Motion for Finding of Aggravated Circumstances.
 A motion for finding of aggravated circumstances shall be filed with the clerk of courts by the county agency as soon as possible but no later than twenty-one days from the determination by the county agency that aggravated circumstances exist.

Comment
   See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6334(b).

   Official Note

   Rule 1702 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1702 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).

Rule 1705. Adjudication of Aggravated Circumstances.
 A.  Finding after adjudication of dependency. After a finding of dependency pursuant to Rule 1409, the court shall determine if aggravated circumstances exist.

 B.  Reasonable efforts. If the court finds aggravated circumstances exist, the court shall determine whether reasonable efforts to prevent or eliminate the need for removing the child from the home or to preserve and reunify the family shall be made or continue to be made and the court shall proceed to a dispositional hearing under Rule 1512.

 C.  Court order. If the court finds that reasonable efforts pursuant to paragraph (B) were made, the court shall include a statement in its order to that effect.

Comment
   Under paragraph (A), the court is to find a child dependent before determining if aggravated circumstances exist. See 42 Pa.C.S. §  6341(c.1). The petition may be amended to include aggravated circumstances pursuant to Rule 1330(C).

   A statement as to whether reasonable efforts were made under paragraph (B) are to be included in the court order under Rule 1409(C).

   Official Note

   Rule 1705 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1705 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5599 (September 2, 2006).


























~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter18/chap18toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 18. SUSPENSIONS
Rule


1800.    Suspensions of Acts of Assembly.
Rule 1800. Suspensions of Acts of Assembly.
 This rule provides for the suspension of the following Acts of Assembly that apply to dependency proceedings only:

   1)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335(c), which provides for the issuance of arrest warrants if the child may abscond or may not attend or be brought to a hearing, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rules 1124, 1140, and 1364, which require a summoned person to fail to appear and the court to find that sufficient notice was given.

   2)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6336(c), which provides that if a proceeding is not recorded, full minutes shall be kept by the court, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rules 1127(A) & 1242(B)(2), which require all proceedings to be recorded, except for shelter care hearings.

   3)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6311(b)(9), which provides that there is not a conflict of interest for the guardian ad litem in communicating the child’s wishes and the recommendation relating to the appropriateness and safety of the child’s placement and services necessary to address the child’s needs and safety, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rules 1151 and 1154, which allows for appointment of separate legal counsel and a guardian ad litem when the guardian ad litem determines there is a conflict of interest between the child’s legal interest and best interest.

   4)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6337, which provides that counsel must be provided unless the guardian is present and waives counsel for the child, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 1152, which does not allow a guardian to waive the child’s right to counsel and a child may not waive the right to a guardian ad litem.

   5)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6305(b), which provides that the court may direct hearings in any case or classes of cases be conducted by the juvenile court hearing officer, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 1187, which allows juvenile court hearing officers to hear only specific classes of cases.

   6)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6324, which authorizes law enforcement officers to take a child into custody, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 1202, which provides for police officers and juvenile probation officers taking a child into custody.

   7)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6331, which provides for the filing of a petition with the court within twenty-four hours or the next business day of the admission of the child to shelter care, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with the filing of a petition within twenty-four hours or the next business day from the shelter care hearing if the child is in protective custody under Rules 1242 and 1330(A).

   8)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6334, which provides that any person may bring a petition, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rules 1320, 1321, and 1330, which provide that the county agency may file a petition and any other person shall file an application to file a petition.

   9)  The Act of December 19, 1990, P. L. 1240, No. 206, §  2, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6339, which provides for the confidentiality of reports made pursuant to the Child Protective Services Law, 23 Pa.C.S. §  6301 et seq., is suspended only insofar as the Law is inconsistent with Rule 1340(B)(1)(e), which provides for the disclosure of such reports if the reports are going to be used as evidence in a hearing to prove dependency of a child.

   10)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6335, which provides that a copy of the petition is to accompany a summons, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 1360, which provides that the summons is to include a copy of the petition unless the petition has been previously served.

   11)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6336.1(b)(2), which provides that the foster parent or parents, preadoptive parent or relative providing care for the child has a right to submit a report to the court, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 1604, which requires the report to be submitted to a court designee who files the report and submits it to the judge, attorneys, parties, and if appointed, a court appointed special advocate.

   12)  The Act of July 9, 1976, P. L. 586, No. 142, §  2, 42 Pa.C.S. §  6351(e)(3)(i)(B), which provides for permanency hearings within six months of each previous permanency hearing until the child is returned home or removed from the jurisdiction of the court, is suspended only insofar as the Act is inconsistent with Rule 1607, which requires permanency hearings in all cases until the child is removed from the jurisdiction of the court.

Comment
   The authority for suspension of Acts of Assembly is granted to the Supreme Court by Article V §  10(c) of the Pennsylvania Constitution. See also Rule 1102.

   Official Note

   Rule 1800 adopted August 21, 2006, effective February 1, 2007. Amended March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009. Amended September 16, 2009, effective immediately. Amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended May 20, 2011, effective July 1, 2011. Amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017.

   Committee Explanatory Reports:

   Final Report explaining the provisions of Rule 1800 published with the Court’s Order at 36 Pa.B. 5571 (September 2, 2006).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1800 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 1614 (April 4, 2009).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1800 published with the Court’s Order at 39 Pa.B. 5546 (September 26, 2009).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1800 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2413 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1800 published with the Court’s Order at 41 pa.B. 2434 (May 14, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1800 published with the Court’s Order at 41 Pa.B. 2839 (June 4, 2011).

   Final Report explaining the amendments to Rule 1800 published with the Court’s Order at 47 Pa.B. 2313 (April 22, 2017).

Source
   The provisions of this Rule 1800 amended March 19, 2009, effective June 1, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 1614; amended September 16, 2009, effective immediately, 39 Pa.B. 5546; amended April 29, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2413, 2434; amended May 20, 2011, effective July 1, 2011, 41 Pa.B. 2839; amended April 6, 2017, effective September 1, 2017, 47 Pa.B. 2313. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (357375) to (357377).























~

PART II. [Reserved]

Chap.	Sec.

101.    [Reserved and Renumbered] … 101.1   
201.    [Reserved and Renumbered] … 201.1   
301.    [Reserved and Renumbered] … 301.1   
   (Editor’s Note: The Juvenile Court Judges’ Commission submitted a statement of policy at 32 Pa.B. 4037 (August 17, 2002) for the purpose of renumbering existing standards. This renumbering is in response to the establishment of the Juvenile Court Procedural Rules Committee by the Supreme Court. The Commission’s standards are moved to 37 Pa. Code Chapter 200 and Title 237 is reserved for Juvenile Court Procedural Rules.)
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/partIItoc.html&d= 2025-10-02







~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter101/chap101toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 101. [Reserved and Renumbered]

Source
   This Chapter 101 adopted under the consent order in Coleman v. Stanziani, Civil Action E.D. No. 81-2215, effective September 1, 1986; reserved and renumbered as 37 Pa. Code Chapter 200, Subchapters A and B, August 16, 2002, effective August 17, 2002, 32 Pa.B. 4037. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (267935) to (267936) and (256799) to (256814).

§ § 101.1—101.10. [Reserved and Renumbered].






~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter201/chap201toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 201. [Reserved and Renumbered]

Source
   The provisions of this Chapter 201 adopted July 9, 1999, effective July 10, 1999, 29 Pa.B. 3633; reserved and renumbered as 37 Pa. Code Chapter 200, Subchapter C, August 16, 2002, effective August 17, 2002, 32 Pa.B. 4037. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (256815) to (256816) and (265305) to (265306).

§ § 201.1 and 201.2. [Reserved and Renumbered].
§ 201.11. [Reserved and Renumbered].
§ 201.21. [Reserved and Renumbered].






~
https://www.pacodeandbulletin.gov/Display/pacode?file=/secure/pacode/data/237/chapter301/chap301toc.html&d=reduce 2025-10-02
CHAPTER 301. [Reserved and Renumbered]

Source
   The provisions of this Chapter 301 adopted March 31, 2000, effective April 1, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 1762; reserved and renumbered as 37 Pa. Code Chapter 200, Subchapter D, August 16, 2002, effective August 17, 2002, 32 Pa.B. 4037. Section 301.1 was corrected at 30 Pa.B. 4000 (April 15, 2000). Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (267937) to (267938) and (265309) to (265312).

§ § 301.1—301.8. [Reserved and Renumbered].
§ § 301.21—301.27. [Reserved and Renumbered].
§ § 301.41—301.48. [Reserved and Renumbered].















[ Statute [!] ]



~ TITLE 1
https://www.palegis.us/statutes/consolidated/history?ttl_id=01
https://www.palegis.us/statutes/consolidated/view-statute?txtType=HTM&ttl=01 ~
https://www.palegis.us/statutes/consolidated/view-statute?txtType=PDF&ttl=01  2025-10-02
TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

TITLE 1

GENERAL PROVISIONS

 

PART I.  THE PENNSYLVANIA CONSOLIDATED

STATUTES

 

Chapter 1.  Short Title, Form of Citation and Effective Date

 

§ 101.  Short title.

§ 102.  Citation of Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes.

§ 103.  Effective date.

 

Chapter 2.  (Reserved)

 

Chapter 3.  Format of the Consolidated Statutes

 

§ 301.  Arrangement.

§ 302.  Section headings.

§ 303.  Cross references between provisions of the Consolidated Statutes.

§ 304.  References to other statutes.

§ 305.  Re-use of section numbers.

§ 306.  Bills to amend the Consolidated Statutes.

 

Chapter 4.  (Reserved)

 

Chapter 5.  Official Publication of the Consolidated Statutes

 

§ 501.  Publication and distribution.

§ 502.  Preparation and contents.

§ 503.  Official status of publication.

 

PART II.  (Reserved)

 

PART III.  ADOPTION AND PUBLICATION OF

CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY PROVISIONS

 

Chapter 9.  Constitutional Provisions

 

§ 901.  Legislation to show changes.

§ 902.  Conduct of election.

§ 903.  Governor to proclaim result of election.

§ 904.  Governor to proclaim corrected numbering.

§ 905.  Section headings.

§ 906.  Short titles of Constitutions of 1874 and 1968.

 

Chapter 11.  Statutory Provisions

 

§ 1101.  Enacting clause and unofficial provisions.

§ 1102.  Publication of notice of application for local or special legislation.

§ 1103.  Preparation of statutes for printing.

§ 1104.  Printing of amendatory statutes.

§ 1105.  Editing statutes for printing.

§ 1106.  Prothonotaries to keep files of advance copies of statutes.

 

PART IV.  (Reserved)

 

PART V.  STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION

 

Chapter 15.  General Provisions

 

§ 1501.  Short title of part.

§ 1502.  Application of part.

§ 1503.  Applicability of colonial law.

§ 1504.  Statutory remedy preferred over common law.

 

Chapter 17.  Effective Date of Statutes

 

§ 1701.  Statutes generally.

§ 1702.  Statutes making appropriations.

§ 1703.  Statutes affecting the budget of any political subdivision.

§ 1704.  Statutes enacted at a special session.

 

Chapter 19.  Rules of Construction

 

Subchapter A.  Construction of Words and Phrases

 

§ 1901.  Rules of interpretation.

§ 1902.  Number; gender; tense.

§ 1903.  Words and phrases.

§ 1904.  Numerals.

§ 1905.  Joint authority; quorum.

§ 1906.  Bonds.

§ 1907.  Uniform standard time.

§ 1908.  Computation of time.

§ 1909.  Time; publication for successive weeks.

§ 1910.  Time; computation of months.

 

Subchapter B.  Construction of Statutes

 

§ 1921.  Legislative intent controls.

§ 1922.  Presumptions in ascertaining legislative intent.

§ 1923.  Grammar and punctuation of statutes.

§ 1924.  Construction of titles, preambles, provisos, exceptions and headings.

§ 1925.  Constitutional construction of statutes.

§ 1926.  Presumption against retroactive effect.

§ 1927.  Construction of uniform laws.

§ 1928.  Rule of strict and liberal construction.

§ 1929.  Penalties no bar to civil remedies.

§ 1930.  Penalties for each offense.

§ 1931.  Intent to defraud.

§ 1932.  Statutes in pari materia.

§ 1933.  Particular controls general.

§ 1934.  Irreconcilable clauses in the same statute.

§ 1935.  Irreconcilable statutes passed by same General Assembly.

§ 1936.  Irreconcilable statutes passed by different General Assemblies.

§ 1937.  References to statutes and regulations.

§ 1938.  References to public bodies and public officers.

§ 1939.  Use of comments and reports.

 

Subchapter C.  Amendatory Statutes

 

§ 1951.  Interpretation of amendatory statutes.

§ 1952.  Effect of separate amendments on code provisions enacted by same General Assembly.

§ 1953.  Construction of amendatory statutes.

§ 1954.  Merger of subsequent amendments.

§ 1955.  Two or more amendments to same provision, one overlooking the other.

§ 1956.  Repeal of amendatory statutes and original statutes subsequently amended.

§ 1957.  Ineffective provisions not revived by reenactment in amendatory statutes.

 

Subchapter D.  Reenactments

 

§ 1961.  Effect of reenactment on original statute.

§ 1962.  Repeal and reenactment.

§ 1963.  Effect of reenactment on intervening statutes.

 

Subchapter E.  Repealing Statutes

 

§ 1971.  Implied repeal by later statute.

§ 1972.  Nonexistence of reason for statute does not effect repeal.

§ 1973.  No implied repeal by nonuser.

§ 1974.  Effect of separate repeals on code provisions by same General Assembly.

§ 1975.  Effect of repeal on limitations.

§ 1976.  Effect of repeal on rights, et cetera.

§ 1977.  Repeal does not revive repealed statute.

§ 1978.  Repeal as obsolete does not affect substantive rights.

 

Subchapter F.  Definitions of Words and Phrases

 

§ 1991.  Definitions.

 

PART VI.  IMPLEMENTATION OF

CONSTITUTIONAL PROVISIONS

 

Chapter 23.  Implementation of Constitutional Provisions

 

§ 2301.  Equality of rights based on sex.

§ 2310.  Sovereign immunity reaffirmed; specific waiver.

 

PART VII.  MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

 

Chapter 31.  Board of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws

 

§ 3101.  Definitions.

§ 3102.  Board established.

§ 3103.  Powers and duties.

 

TITLE 1

GENERAL PROVISIONS

 

Part

I.  The Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes

II.  (Reserved)

III.  Adoption and Publication of Constitutional and Statutory Provisions

IV.  (Reserved)

V.  Statutory Construction

VI.  Implementation of Constitutional Provisions

VII.  Miscellaneous Provisions

 

Enactment.  Unless otherwise noted, the provisions of Title 1 were added November 25, 1970, P.L.707, No.230, effective immediately.

 

 

PART I

THE PENNSYLVANIA CONSOLIDATED STATUTES

 

Chapter

1.  Short Title, Form of Citation and Effective Date

2.  (Reserved)

3.  Format of the Consolidated Statutes

4.  (Reserved)

5.  Official Publication of the Consolidated Statutes

 

Enactment.  Part I was added November 25, 1970, P.L.707, No.230, effective immediately.

 

 

CHAPTER 1

SHORT TITLE, FORM OF CITATION AND

EFFECTIVE DATE

 

Sec.

101.  Short title.

102.  Citation of Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes.

103.  Effective date.

 

Enactment.  Chapter 1 was added November 25, 1970, P.L.707, No.230, effective immediately.

§ 101.  Short title.

This act shall be known and may be cited as the "Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes."

(Dec. 10, 1974, P.L.816, No.271, eff. imd.)

 

1974 Amendment.  Act 271 changed the short title from "Consolidated Pennsylvania Statutes."

Conforming Editorial Changes in Citations.  For authority of the Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau to editorially change the form of citations in statutes to conform to the 1974 amendment to section 101, see section 6 of act 271 of 1974 in the appendix to this title.

§ 102.  Citation of Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes.

The Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes may be cited by title and section number. Without prejudice to any other form of citation, a citation to any section of this act in the following form shall, except as provided in section 303 of this title (relating to cross references between provisions of the Consolidated Statutes), be adequate for all purposes: "1 Pa.C.S. § 102."

(Dec. 10, 1974, P.L.816, No.271, eff. imd.)

 

1974 Amendment.  Act 271 changed the short form of citation from "Pa.S."

Conforming Editorial Changes in Citations.  For authority of the Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau to editorially change the form of citations in statutes to conform to the 1974 amendment to section 102, see section 6 of Act 271 of 1974 in the appendix to this title.

Cross References.  Section 102 is referred to in sections 303, 502 of this title.

§ 103.  Effective date.

This act shall take effect immediately.

 

 

CHAPTER 2

(Reserved)

 

Enactment.  Chapter 2 (Reserved) was added November 25, 1970, P.L.707, No.230, effective immediately.

 

 

CHAPTER 3

FORMAT OF THE CONSOLIDATED STATUTES

 

Sec.

301.  Arrangement.

302.  Section headings.

303.  Cross references between provisions of the Consolidated Statutes.

304.  References to other statutes.

305.  Re-use of section numbers.

306.  Bills to amend the Consolidated Statutes.

 

Enactment.  Chapter 3 was added November 25, 1970, P.L.707, No.230, effective immediately.

Cross References.  Chapter 3 is referred to in section 1105 of this title.

§ 301.  Arrangement.

(a)  Titles and major subdivisions.--This act consists of titles subdivided into parts, articles, chapters and such other major subdivisions as may be required for clarity of expression and uniformity of style.

(b)  Chapters.--The principal subdivisions of a part, or of a title that is not divided into parts, of this act are chapters, comprising the sections relating to the part or title, as the case may be, embraced in the heading of the chapter. Chapters of this act are identified by Arabic numerals beginning with each title.

(c)  Sections and minor subdivisions.--Sections of this act are identified by Arabic numerals beginning with each title. Chapters shall consist of no more than 99 sections. The last two digits in the section numbers shall indicate the sequence of sections within a chapter, and the digit or digits preceding such digits shall indicate the number of the chapter. A section of this act is subdivided into subsections, paragraphs, subparagraphs and such other minor subdivisions as may be required for clarity of expression and uniformity of style.

§ 302.  Section headings.

Each section of this act shall be given a brief descriptive heading immediately preceding the body of the section. The headings of sections may be referred to as catchlines. In printing this act and its amendments the Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau shall substitute a symbol for the word "Section" preceding the digits of a section number in each catchline. Subsections may also have headings for convenience. Subsection headings shall not be set out on separate lines.

§ 303.  Cross references between provisions of the Consolidated Statutes.

When reference is made in this act to a provision contained in any other section or sections of the same title such provision shall be identified without specifying the number of the title in which it appears. When reference is made in this act to a provision contained in any section or sections of this act appearing in a different title the short form of citation specified in section 102 of this title (relating to citation of Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes) shall be used. A cross reference description based on the section heading or headings of the provisions cited shall be inserted immediately following the first occurrence of the citation in the section and following any reoccurrence of the citation which is preceded in the same section or relevant part thereof by a citation to a different section of this act. Where required for clarity in the case of cross references to subsections or other parts of a section, the cross reference description shall be based on the subject matter of the subsection or other part thereof referred to.

 

Cross References.  Section 303 is referred to in sections 102, 502 of this title.

§ 304.  References to other statutes.

(a)  Method and scope of reference.--Acts of the General Assembly shall be referred to generically in this act as statutes and, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, such term when used in this act shall be deemed to be also a general reference to the provisions of this act.

(b)  Form of citation.--Without prejudice to any other form of citation, any statute, except a provision of this act, shall be cited in this act by reference to its date of enactment, the special session number, if any, the page and act number, if any, assigned in the Laws of Pennsylvania and its statutory short title, or popular name, if any, otherwise a brief summary of its title.

(Dec. 10, 1974, P.L.816, No.271, eff. imd.)

 

1974 Amendment.  Act 271 amended subsec. (b).

§ 305.  Re-use of section numbers.

A section number shall not be re-used for a different subject, except in a bill to revise a part, article, chapter or other major subdivision of this act.

§ 306.  Bills to amend the Consolidated Statutes.

(a)  Conformity with requirements of chapter.--Bills to amend this act shall be drafted to conform with the structure of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, as provided in this chapter.

(b)  Bureau to insure conformity of bills.--The Legislative Reference Bureau shall insure that all bills to amend this act conform with the requirement of subsection (a) of this section and other requirements established by the bureau pursuant to this section. Agencies and persons submitting requests for bills to amend this act shall allow the bureau sufficient time to make the necessary review and revision prior to final drafting of the bill by the bureau and shall, upon request or pursuant to requirements established by the bureau, submit copies or information for preparation of tables of contents, source notes and parallel tables for the use or information of the bureau, the General Assembly, governmental agencies and the public.

(c)  Bureau to determine form of bill and title changes.--In drafting bills requested by members of the General Assembly or other duly authorized agencies and persons, the bureau shall determine whether the bill shall be drafted in the form of an amendment to this act or in the form of an original enactment or amendment to another statute and shall draft the bill according to such determination. The bureau shall also determine whether the number or name of a title established under this act shall be changed and whether titles shall be added or deleted. This subsection shall not authorize the bureau to refuse to draft a bill in a manner expressly insisted upon by a member of the General Assembly nor shall it be construed as prohibiting the enactment of a law the form of which is contrary to the determination or advice of the bureau.

(d)  Bureau may adopt regulations and initiate amendments.--The Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau may adopt and enforce rules, regulations, instructions and forms to carry out the powers and duties of the bureau under this act or other statute and the bureau may, from time to time, upon its own initiative, draft amendments to this act for consideration by the General Assembly.

(e)  Validity of law unaffected by nonconformity.--No law or any part thereof shall be invalid because it is not enacted in conformity with this title or requirements established pursuant to this section.

(May 10, 1974, P.L.290, No.89, eff. imd.)

 

1974 Amendment.  Act 89 lettered existing provisions as subsec. (a) and added subsecs. (b) to (e).

 

 

CHAPTER 4

(Reserved)

 

Enactment.  Chapter 4 (Reserved) was added November 25, 1970, P.L.707, No.230, effective immediately.

 

 

CHAPTER 5

OFFICIAL PUBLICATION OF THE

CONSOLIDATED STATUTES

 

Sec.

501.  Publication and distribution.

502.  Preparation and contents.

503.  Official status of publication.

 

Enactment.  Present Chapter 5 was added June 17, 1974, P.L.330, No.107, effective immediately.

Prior Provisions.  Former Chapter 5, which related to publication of laws, was added November 25, 1970, P.L.707, No.230, and repealed December 6, 1972, P.L.1339, No.290, effective immediately. The subject matter is now contained in section 1104 of this title.

Cross References.  Chapter 5 is referred to in section 1105 of this title.

§ 501.  Publication and distribution.

(a)  General rule.--The Legislative Reference Bureau may compile, edit, publish, print, supplement and revise or contract directly or through the Legislative Printing Clerk for the compilation, editing, publishing, printing, supplementation or revision of an official publication of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes and amendments thereto. It shall be the duty of the Department of Property and Supplies, upon request of the bureau, to arrange for the prompt distribution of the official publication and the supplements thereto and revisions thereof in accordance with the provisions of this chapter. This publication shall be in addition to the publication of advance copies of statutes and the Laws of Pennsylvania except that the bureau, when authorized by concurrent resolution of the General Assembly, may reduce the number of such statutes and laws published and printed and provide for the manner of their distribution and a fee to be charged for certain distributions.

(b)  Sale and distribution.--The prices to be charged for individual copies of and subscriptions to the official publication, the supplements thereto and revisions thereof, for reprints and bound volumes thereof, which prices may be fixed without reference to the restrictions placed upon and fixed for the sale of other publications of the Commonwealth, and the number of copies which shall be distributed free for official use shall be established by the bureau. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the bureau may provide for the free reciprocal exchange of publications between this Commonwealth and other states and foreign jurisdictions and for the free distribution of at least one copy of every publication printed under authority of this chapter to each:

(1)  County for the use of its law library.

(2)  Member of the General Assembly at the post office address specified by him.

(3)  Law school library which pursuant to rules of court receives copies of printed briefs and records filed in the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.

(c)  Payments and disposition of moneys.--Payments for documents published by authority of this chapter shall be made to the Department of Property and Supplies which shall pay the same into the State Treasury to the credit of the General Fund. Such moneys are hereby appropriated from the General Fund to the Legislative Reference Bureau to carry out the provisions of this chapter.

 

Prior Provisions.  Former section 501, which related to publication of amendments to the Consolidated Statutes, was added November 25, 1970, P.L.707, No.230, and repealed December 6, 1972, P.L.1339, No.290, effective immediately. The subject matter is now contained in section 1104 of this title.

References in Text.  The Department of Property and Supplies, referred to in section 501(a) and (c), is now the Department of General Services. Section 21(a) of the act of July 22, 1975, P.L.75, No.45 provided that statutory reference to the Department of Property and Supplies shall be deemed to be a reference to the Department of General Services.

Suspension of Inconsistent Laws.  See section 5 of Act 107 of 1974 in the appendix to this title for provisions relating to suspension of laws inconsistent with a concurrent resolution adopted pursuant to section 501.

Cross References.  Section 501 is referred to in section 502 of this title.

§ 502.  Preparation and contents.

(a)  General rule.--In compiling and editing the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes and amendments thereto for publication, the bureau may:

(1)  Omit provisions of the amendatory acts which do not become a part of the structure of this act or which do not constitute part of the law as provided in section 1101(b) of this title (relating to enacting clause and unofficial provisions).

(2)  Include the provisions or a summary of the provisions referred to in paragraph (1) of this subsection in a footnote, appendix, table or other form at such a place and in such a manner as it deems appropriate but any unofficial provisions so included shall not constitute part of the law.

(3)  Include tables of contents, summary analyses, source notes, parallel tables, indexes, cross references to statutes and regulations, and such other provisions, whether or not contained in this act or in any amendment or amendments to this act, as the bureau deems appropriate but any unofficial provisions so included shall not constitute part of the law.

(4)  Include the Constitution of Pennsylvania and proposed amendments thereto as well as selected general and permanent laws and amendments thereto.

(5)  Establish a form of citation of such publication or any part thereof which may be used for the purpose of drafting amendments to this act and for other purposes not inconsistent with the provisions of section 102 of this title (relating to citation of Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes) and section 303 of this title (relating to cross references between provisions of the Consolidated Statutes).

(b)  Approvals by legislative officers.--The President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall approve:

(1)  The form and contents of the publication prepared by the bureau.

(2)  All contracts entered into by the bureau or the Legislative Printing Clerk pursuant to section 501(a) of this title (relating to publication and distribution).

(3)  All regulations and decisions of the bureau relating to the distribution of the publication and the prices to be charged for such publications pursuant to section 501(b) of this title (relating to publication and distribution).

 

Cross References.  Section 502 is referred to in sections 503, 1105 of this title.

§ 503.  Official status of publication.

The publication prepared by the bureau pursuant to this chapter shall constitute an official publication of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes and shall be legal evidence of the laws contained therein including the Constitution and laws incorporated therein pursuant to section 502(a)(4) of this title (relating to preparation and contents).

 

 

PART II

(Reserved)

 

Enactment.  Part II (Reserved) was added December 6, 1972, P.L.1339, No.290, effective immediately.

 

 

PART III

ADOPTION AND PUBLICATION OF CONSTITUTIONAL

AND STATUTORY PROVISIONS

 

Chapter

9.  Constitutional Provisions

11.  Statutory Provisions

 

Enactment.  Part III was added December 6, 1972, P.L.1339, No.290, effective immediately.

 

 

CHAPTER 9

CONSTITUTIONAL PROVISIONS

 

Sec.

901.  Legislation to show changes.

902.  Conduct of election.

903.  Governor to proclaim result of election.

904.  Governor to proclaim corrected numbering.

905.  Section headings.

906.  Short titles of Constitutions of 1874 and 1968.

 

Enactment.  Chapter 9 was added December 6, 1972, P.L.1339, No.290, effective immediately.

§ 901.  Legislation to show changes.

Bills or joint resolutions introduced in the General Assembly proposing amendments to the Constitution of Pennsylvania shall be printed in such a manner as to indicate the words to be added to or deleted from the Constitution.

§ 902.  Conduct of election.

The manner in which proposed amendments to the Constitution of Pennsylvania shall be submitted to the qualified electors of the Commonwealth and the manner and effect of the certification of the returns of the election thereon shall, unless the General Assembly shall prescribe otherwise with respect to any particular proposed amendment, be as provided in the Pennsylvania Election Code.

§ 903.  Governor to proclaim result of election.

The officer of this Commonwealth to whom election returns are required by law to be certified shall, whenever a proposed amendment to the Constitution of Pennsylvania has been on the ballot at any election, certify the result of the election thereon to the Governor immediately upon receiving the official returns from all counties of the Commonwealth, and the Governor shall thereupon issue his proclamation indicating whether or not the proposed amendment has been adopted by a majority of the electors voting thereon. The proclamation shall be published in the next available volume of the Laws of Pennsylvania.

§ 904.  Governor to proclaim corrected numbering.

Whenever an amendment of an article or of a section of the Constitution of Pennsylvania is adopted without specifying an article or section number, or whenever any amendment is adopted bearing a number which conflicts with the number of another article or section of the Constitution, the Governor may by proclamation specify a number for the article or section having no number, or change the number of any article or section which bears a number which conflicts with the number of another article or section of the Constitution, or renumber the articles of the Constitution or the sections of an article. The proclamation shall be published in the next available volume of the Laws of Pennsylvania.

§ 905.  Section headings.

The Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau, with the approval of the Department of Justice, shall prepare and promulgate an appropriate heading for any section of the Constitution of Pennsylvania which was heretofore or may hereafter be adopted without a section heading. Any section heading promulgated pursuant to this section shall be published in the next available volume of the Laws of Pennsylvania.

 

References in Text.  The Department of Justice, referred to in this section, was reorganized into the Office of Attorney General by the act of October 15, 1980 (P.L.950, No.164).

§ 906.  Short titles of Constitutions of 1874 and 1968.

(a)  Constitution of 1874.--The Constitution of Pennsylvania, as adopted by referendum of December 16, 1873, shall be known and may be cited as the "Constitution of 1874."

(b)  Constitution of 1968.--The Constitution of Pennsylvania, as amended by referenda of May 17, 1966, November 8, 1966, May 16, 1967 and April 23, 1968 and as numbered by proclamation of the Governor of this Commonwealth of July 7, 1967 pursuant to the act of August 17, 1965 (P.L.345, No.180), shall be known and may be cited as the "Constitution of 1968."

 

 

CHAPTER 11

STATUTORY PROVISIONS

 

Sec.

1101.  Enacting clause and unofficial provisions.

1102.  Publication of notice of application for local or     special legislation.

1103.  Preparation of statutes for printing.

1104.  Printing of amendatory statutes.

1105.  Editing statutes for printing.

1106.  Prothonotaries to keep files of advance copies of     statutes.

 

Enactment.  Chapter 11 was added December 6, 1972, P.L.1339, No.290, effective immediately.

§ 1101.  Enacting clause and unofficial provisions.

(a)  Style and position of enacting clause.--All statutes shall begin in the following style: "The General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania hereby enacts as follows:". Such enacting clause shall be placed immediately after the preamble or the table of contents of the statute, or if there be neither preamble nor table of contents, then immediately after the title.

(b)  Enumeration and use of unofficial provisions.--Preambles, tables of contents, summary analyses, major subdivision headings, section and minor subdivision headings, cross reference descriptions, source notes and parallel tables shall not constitute part of the law and the Legislative Reference Bureau may, in its discretion, either include or omit such provisions in bills drafted by the bureau including bills prepared initially by agencies or persons other than the bureau.

(c)  Amendment of unofficial provisions.--Notwithstanding any provision of this act or other statute to the contrary, in amending a bill or a statute it shall not be necessary to amend or delete any provision which does not constitute part of the law contained in the bill or statute which may be affected by such an amendment nor shall it be necessary to add any such provision to conform to such an amendment.

(June 17, 1974, P.L.330, No.107, eff. imd.; Dec. 10, 1974, P.L.816, No.271, eff. imd.)

 

1974 Amendments.  Act 107 amended the entire section and Act 271 amended subsec. (b).

Cross References.  Section 1101 is referred to in sections 502, 1105 of this title.

§ 1102.  Publication of notice of application for local or special legislation.

(a)  General rule.--No local or special bill to enact a local or special statute shall be passed by the General Assembly, unless notice of the intention to apply therefor shall be published, once a week for four successive weeks, in not less than two newspapers of general circulation, and also in the legal journal, if any, published in the county or in each of the several counties where the matter or thing affected may be. Where the matter or thing affected is in a municipality, publication shall be made in two newspapers of general circulation published in such municipality, if any, and, if none, then in two newspapers published in the county, and, in either event, also in the legal journal, if any, published in the county. Where only one newspaper of general circulation is published in a county or in a municipality, publication in such one newspaper and in the legal journal, if any, shall be deemed sufficient.

(b)  Time of first publication.--The first publication shall be at least 30 days prior to, and within three months immediately preceding, the introduction of the bill into the General Assembly.

(c)  Content and signing of notice.--The notice shall set forth the full title and the purposes of the bill, and shall be signed by one of the parties applying therefor.

(d)  Filing proof of publication.--Proof of publication in each newspaper and legal journal, verified by affidavit, shall be filed with the bill when it is introduced.

(e)  Exception from notice requirement.--Notice shall not be required to be given under this section of a proposal to repeal a local or special statute by any of the following:

(1)  A general bill which codifies, compiles or revises the law or any part thereof.

(2)  A bill which:

(i)  only eliminates obsolete statutory provisions; and

(ii)  makes specific reference in its title to that elimination.

(Oct. 30, 2001, P.L.815, No.79, eff. imd.)

 

2001 Amendment.  Act 79 amended subsecs. (a) and (e).

§ 1103.  Preparation of statutes for printing.

The Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau shall, as soon as any bill becomes a law, prepare the same for printing, cause the same to be printed immediately, and collate with and correct the proof sheets by the original rolls. He shall also have the statutes printed and indexed in book form as the Laws of Pennsylvania as early as possible succeeding each regular session of the General Assembly, for distribution in accordance with law.

 

Cross References.  Section 1103 is referred to in section 702 of Title 44 (Law and Justice).

§ 1104.  Printing of amendatory statutes.

(a)  General rule.--The Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau shall, in printing amendatory statutes, cause to be printed the section or part of the statute only as reenacted. Except as provided in subsection (b) of this section, in the section or part of the law reenacted, the Director shall cause to be printed between brackets, the words, phrases, or provisions of the existing statute, if any, which have been stricken out or eliminated by the adoption of the amendment, and he shall cause to be printed in italics or with underscoring all new words, phrases or provisions, if any, which have been inserted into or added to the statute by the passage of such amendment.

(b)  Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes.--In printing as much of any statute as adds an entire title, part, article, chapter, subchapter or other major subdivision to the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, the Director shall cause such addition to be printed in Roman type without underscoring, and in printing as much of any statute as deletes or repeals an entire title, part, article, chapter, subchapter or other major subdivision of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, the Director shall not cause to be printed the provisions which have been deleted or repealed unless the deletion or repeal was effected by the use of brackets.

(June 17, 1974, P.L.330, No.107, eff. imd.)

 

1974 Amendment.  Act 107 amended subsec. (b).

§ 1105.  Editing statutes for printing.

(a)  Correction of errors.--Where any statute shall have been finally enacted and it shall be ascertained that such statute is technically defective in form, or contains misspelled words or typographical errors, or the plural or singular number, or the past, present or future tense appears where another should be used, or where a word clearly intended to be inserted has been omitted, or where a word clearly should have been omitted, or where a word is correctly spelled but it clearly appears that another word was intended, the Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau, in editing such statute, shall have authority, with the approval of the President pro tempore of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the Department of Justice, to correct the original copy of such statute, as filed in the Department of State, if such correction will not in any manner affect or change the meaning, intent or substance of such statute.

(b)  Notation of correction.--Whenever any such correction on any statute is made, a notation thereof shall be made on the original copy or on a sheet attached to the original copy by the Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau, together with his signature, followed by the approval and signatures of the President pro tempore of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Attorney General or his deputy. A notation of such corrections shall also be printed in the Laws of Pennsylvania as footnotes to the statutes on which the corrections were made.

(c)  Unofficial provisions of statutes.--The Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau, in editing and preparing statutes for printing, shall have authority to add to the statute provisions which do not constitute part of the law as provided in section 1101 of this title (relating to enacting clause and unofficial provisions) and to correct or omit such provisions contained in the statute. In making such changes it shall not be necessary to obtain the approvals or to make the notations required under subsections (a) and (b) of this section.

(d)  Changes in form and style.--The Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau, in editing and preparing statutes for printing in the Laws of Pennsylvania or pursuant to Chapter 5 of this title (relating to official publication of the Consolidated Statutes), may, in a manner that will not affect or change the meaning, intent or substance of such statute and, unless otherwise provided in this subsection, without obtaining the approvals or making the notations required under subsections (a) and (b) of this section:

(1)  Renumber major subdivisions, sections and minor subdivisions to eliminate duplicate numbers.

(2)  With approvals required under subsection (a) of this section, rearrange or transfer major subdivisions, sections and minor subdivisions to conform to requirements established pursuant to Chapter 3 of this title (relating to format of the Consolidated Statutes).

(3)  Insert or change instructions and references in sections of amendatory statutes to conform to the provisions amended or affected.

(4)  Insert or change reference numbers and the form of citations or references to Federal or State constitutions, statutes or regulations to conform to renumbered or revised provisions or to requirements established pursuant to Chapter 3 of this title.

(5)  Substitute the proper major subdivision, section or minor subdivision number and related references for the terms "this act," "the preceding section," and the like.

(6)  Strike out or insert figures and symbols where they are merely a repetition of or have the same meaning as written words and vice-versa.

(7)  Change capitalization for the purpose of uniformity or style.

(8)  Insert a symbol for the word "section" and vice-versa.

(e)  Constitutional provisions.--The Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau, in editing and preparing the Constitution of Pennsylvania and its amendments for printing in the Laws of Pennsylvania or pursuant to Chapter 5 of this title (relating to official publication of the Consolidated Statutes), may make corrections and changes under this section and section 502(a) of this title (relating to preparation and contents) in the same manner and subject to the same requirements applicable to statutes.

(June 17, 1974, P.L.330, No.107, eff. imd.; Dec. 10, 1974, P.L.816, No.271, eff. imd.)

 

1974 Amendments.  Act 107 amended subsecs. (a) and (b) and added subsec. (c) and Act 271 amended the section heading and subsecs. (a) and (b) and added subsecs. (d) and (e).

Conforming Editorial Changes in Citations.  For authority of the Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau to editorially change the form of citations in statutes to conform to the 1974 amendment to section 1105, see section 6 of Act 271 of 1974 in the appendix to this title. See also section 6 of Act 107 of 1974 in the appendix to this title for special provisions relating to editing statutes for printing.

References in Text.  The Department of Justice, referred to in subsec. (a), was reorganized into the Office of Attorney General by the act of October 15, 1980 (P.L.950, No.164).

Cross References.  Section 1105 is referred to in section 702 of Title 44 (Law and Justice).

§ 1106.  Prothonotaries to keep files of advance copies of statutes.

The prothonotaries of the several counties shall file and keep in their offices, in such manner that they shall be accessible to the public during the office hours of the prothonotaries, advance copies of the statutes enacted at each session of the General Assembly, as such advance copies are furnished to them in accordance with law, until the statutes of such session as printed in the Laws of Pennsylvania are generally available.

 

 

PART IV

(Reserved)

 

Enactment.  Part IV (Reserved) was added December 6, 1972, P.L.1339, No.290, effective immediately.

 

 

PART V

STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION

 

Chapter

15.  General Provisions

17.  Effective Date of Statutes

19.  Rules of Construction

 

Enactment.  Part V was added December 6, 1972, P.L.1339, No.290, effective immediately.

 

 

CHAPTER 15

GENERAL PROVISIONS

 

Sec.

1501.  Short title of part.

1502.  Application of part.

1503.  Applicability of colonial law.

1504.  Statutory remedy preferred over common law.

 

Enactment.  Chapter 15 was added December 6, 1972, P.L.1339, No.290, effective immediately.

§ 1501.  Short title of part.

This part shall be known and may be cited as the "Statutory Construction Act of 1972."

§ 1502.  Application of part.

(a)  Direct application.--

(1)  Except as otherwise provided in this part, the provisions of this part shall apply to the following unless the General Assembly or the agency adopting the document shall provide otherwise:

(i)  Every statute finally enacted on or after September 1, 1937.

(ii)  Every document codified in the Pennsylvania Code except legislative, judicial and home rule charter documents.

(2)  The provisions of this chapter and of Chapter 17 of this title (relating to effective date of statutes) shall apply to every statute enacted by the General Assembly, whether under the authority of the Commonwealth or of the late Proprietaries of the Province of Pennsylvania.

(b)  Other applications.--The provisions of this part shall apply to any public document to the extent such document refers to and incorporates therein the provisions of this part. The provisions of this part other than this chapter and Chapter 17 of this title (relating to effective date of statutes) shall apply to statutes finally enacted before September 1, 1937 to the extent that this part substantially reenacts or restates rules of construction enacted or in force prior to such date.

§ 1503.  Applicability of colonial law.

(a)  English law.--The common law and such of the statutes of England as were in force in the Province of Pennsylvania on May 14, 1776 and which were properly adapted to the circumstances of the inhabitants of this Commonwealth shall be deemed to have been in force in this Commonwealth from and after February 10, 1777.

(b)  Provincial statutes.--The statutes enacted on or before May 14, 1776 under the authority of the late Proprietaries of the Province of Pennsylvania have the same validity and effect as statutes enacted under the authority of this Commonwealth.

(c)  Exceptions.--The rules specified in subsections (a) and (b) of this section shall not be applicable to any statute or law which:

(1)  has been heretofore or is hereafter amended or repealed or which has expired by its own limitation;

(2)  orders the taking or subscribing any oath, affirmation or declaration of allegiance or fidelity to the British crown;

(3)  acknowledges any authority in the heirs or devisees of William Penn, Esq., deceased, the former Governor of the Province of Pennsylvania, or any other person whomsoever as Governor of the Province of Pennsylvania; or

(4)  is repugnant to the Constitution of this Commonwealth or of the United States.

§ 1504.  Statutory remedy preferred over common law.

In all cases where a remedy is provided or a duty is enjoined or anything is directed to be done by any statute, the directions of the statute shall be strictly pursued, and no penalty shall be inflicted, or anything done agreeably to the common law, in such cases, further than shall be necessary for carrying such statute into effect.

 

Cross References.  Section 1504 is referred to in sections 708, 7541 of Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure).

 

 

CHAPTER 17

EFFECTIVE DATE OF STATUTES

 

Sec.

1701.  Statutes generally.

1702.  Statutes making appropriations.

1703.  Statutes affecting the budget of any political subdivision.

1704.  Statutes enacted at a special session.

 

Enactment.  Chapter 17 was added December 6, 1972, P.L.1339, No.290, effective immediately.

Cross References.  Chapter 17 is referred to in section 1502 of this title.

§ 1701.  Statutes generally.

(a)  General rule.--Except as otherwise provided in this chapter all statutes enacted finally at any regular session of the General Assembly not containing a specified effective date shall be effective on the date specified by that one of the following rules of construction in effect on the date of final enactment of the statute:

(1)  Final enactment before May 18, 1929.--immediately upon final enactment.

(2)  Final enactment on or after May 18, 1929 and before August 25, 1951.--on the first day of September next following their final enactment.

(3)  Final enactment on or after August 25, 1951 and before January 10, 1960.--on the first day of September next following their final enactment, or if finally enacted after the first day of September of the year of the regular session, immediately upon final enactment.

(4)  Final enactment on or after January 10, 1960 and before June 6, 1969.--on the first day of September next following their final enactment, or if finally enacted after the first day of July of the year of the regular session, 60 days after final enactment.

(5)  Final enactment on or after June 6, 1969.--60 days after final enactment.

(b)  Statutes enacted after effective date therein specified.--Except as otherwise provided in this chapter all statutes enacted finally at any regular session of the General Assembly after the effective date therein specified shall be effective on the date specified by that one of the following rules of construction in effect on the date of final enactment of the statute:

(1)  Final enactment before January 10, 1960.-- immediately upon final enactment.

(2)  Final enactment on or after January 10, 1960.--60 days after final enactment.

§ 1702.  Statutes making appropriations.

Appropriation statutes, or statutes having appropriation items enacted finally at any regular session of the General Assembly, shall be effective on the date specified by that one of the following rules of construction in effect on the date of final enactment of the statute:

(1)  Final enactment before May 18, 1929.--immediately upon final enactment unless a different date is specified in the statute itself.

(2)  Final enactment on or after May 18, 1929 and before June 2, 1967.--on the first day of June next following their final enactment, unless a different date is specified in the statute itself, or unless any such statute is enacted finally after the first day of June in any year, in which case it shall be effective immediately upon final enactment.

(3)  Final enactment on or after June 2, 1967 and before June 6, 1969.--on the first day of July next following their final enactment, unless a different date is specified in the statute itself, or unless any such statute is enacted finally after the first day of July in any year, in which case it shall be effective immediately upon final enactment.

(4)  Final enactment on or after June 6, 1969.--on the first day of July next following their final enactment, unless a different date is specified in the statute itself, or unless any such statute is enacted finally after the first day of July in any year, or after the date specified in the statute, in which case it shall be effective immediately upon final enactment.

§ 1703.  Statutes affecting the budget of any political subdivision.

Statutes affecting the budget of any political subdivision enacted finally at any regular session of the General Assembly shall be effective on the date specified by that one of the following rules of construction in effect on the date of final enactment of the statute:

(1)  Final enactment before May 18, 1929.--immediately upon final enactment unless a different date is specified in the statute itself.

(2)  Final enactment on or after May 18, 1929 and before June 4, 1941.--on the first day of September next following their final enactment unless a different date is specified in the statute itself.

(3)  Final enactment on or after June 4, 1941 and before August 25, 1951 or on or after May 28, 1953 and before June 6, 1969.--at the beginning of the fiscal year of the political subdivision affected following the date of final enactment of the statute unless a different date is specified in the statute itself.

(4)  Final enactment on or after August 25, 1951 and before May 28, 1953.--at the beginning of the fiscal year of the political subdivision affected following the date of final enactment of the statute unless a different date is specified in the statute itself, or if enacted finally after the beginning of such fiscal year, or after the date specified in the statute, immediately upon final enactment.

(5)  Final enactment on or after June 6, 1969.--on the date specified in the statute, or if finally enacted thereafter, or if no date is specified, then at the beginning of the fiscal year of the political subdivision affected following the date of final enactment of the statute.

§ 1704.  Statutes enacted at a special session.

(a)  General rule.--Statutes enacted finally at a special or extraordinary session of the General Assembly shall, except as otherwise provided in this section, be governed as to the time when they shall be effective by the rules of construction specified in this chapter for statutes enacted finally at regular sessions of the General Assembly.

(b)  Rules applicable between 1935 and 1969.--Statutes enacted finally at special or extraordinary sessions of the General Assembly during the periods hereinafter specified shall be effective on the date specified by that one of the following rules of construction in effect on the date of final enactment of the statute:

(1)  Final enactment on or after June 11, 1935 and before January 10, 1960.--immediately upon final enactment unless a different date is specified in the statute itself.

(2)  Final enactment on or after January 10, 1960 and before June 6, 1969.--60 days after final enactment unless a different date is specified in the statute itself.

 

 

CHAPTER 19

RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

 

Subchapter

A.  Construction of Words and Phrases

B.  Construction of Statutes

C.  Amendatory Statutes

D.  Reenactments

E.  Repealing Statutes

F.  Definitions of Words and Phrases

 

Enactment.  Chapter 19 was added December 6, 1972, P.L.1339, No.290, effective immediately.

 

 

SUBCHAPTER A

CONSTRUCTION OF WORDS AND PHRASES

 

Sec.

1901.  Rules of interpretation.

1902.  Number; gender; tense.

1903.  Words and phrases.

1904.  Numerals.

1905.  Joint authority; quorum.

1906.  Bonds.

1907.  Uniform standard time.

1908.  Computation of time.

1909.  Time; publication for successive weeks.

1910.  Time; computation of months.

§ 1901.  Rules of interpretation.

In the construction of the statutes of this Commonwealth, the rules set forth in this chapter shall be observed, unless the application of such rules would result in a construction inconsistent with the manifest intent of the General Assembly.

§ 1902.  Number; gender; tense.

The singular shall include the plural, and the plural, the singular. Words used in the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter. Words used in the past or present tense shall include the future.

§ 1903.  Words and phrases.

(a)  General rule.--Words and phrases shall be construed according to rules of grammar and according to their common and approved usage; but technical words and phrases and such others as have acquired a peculiar and appropriate meaning or are defined in this part, shall be construed according to such peculiar and appropriate meaning or definition.

(b)  General restricted by particular words.--General words shall be construed to take their meanings and be restricted by preceding particular words.

§ 1904.  Numerals.

The Roman numerals and the Arabic numerals shall be deemed parts of the English language.

§ 1905.  Joint authority; quorum.

(a)  Joint authority.--Words in a statute conferring a joint authority upon three or more public officers or other persons shall be construed to confer authority upon a majority of such officers or persons.

(b)  Quorum.--A majority of any board or commission shall constitute a quorum.

§ 1906.  Bonds.

A statute requiring a bond or undertaking with sureties to be given by any person, shall be construed to permit in lieu thereof a bond of indemnity or surety bond for the amount of such bond or undertaking, given by any indemnity or surety company authorized to do business in this Commonwealth, and approved by the proper authority.

§ 1907.  Uniform standard time.

Every mention of, or reference to any hour or time in any statute, shall be construed with reference to and in accordance with the mean solar time of the 75th meridian of longitude west of Greenwich, commonly called eastern standard time, unless a different standard is therein expressly provided for, or unless the standard time shall be advanced for any portion of the year, by any act of Congress.

§ 1908.  Computation of time.

When any period of time is referred to in any statute, such period in all cases, except as otherwise provided in section 1909 of this title (relating to publication for successive weeks) and section 1910 of this title (relating to computation of months) shall be so computed as to exclude the first and include the last day of such period. Whenever the last day of any such period shall fall on Saturday or Sunday, or on any day made a legal holiday by the laws of this Commonwealth or of the United States, such day shall be omitted from the computation.

 

Cross References.  Section 1908 is referred to in section 3508 of Title 25 (Elections).

§ 1909.  Time; publication for successive weeks.

Whenever in any statute providing for the publishing of notices, the phrase "successive weeks" is used, weeks shall be construed as calendar weeks. The publication upon any day of such weeks shall be sufficient publication for that week, but at least five days shall elapse between each publication. At least the number of weeks specified in "successive weeks" shall elapse between the first publication and the day for the happening of the event for which publication shall be made.

 

Cross References.  Section 1909 is referred to in section 1908 of this title; section 3133 of Title 15 (Corporations and Unincorporated Associations).

§ 1910.  Time; computation of months.

Whenever in any statute the lapse of a number of months after or before a certain day is required, such number of months shall be computed by counting the months from such day, excluding the calendar month in which such day occurs, and shall include the day of the month in the last month so counted having the same numerical order as the day of the month from which the computation is made, unless there be not so many days in the last month so counted, in which case the period computed shall expire with the last day of such month.

 

Cross References.  Section 1910 is referred to in section 1908 of this title.

 

 

SUBCHAPTER B

CONSTRUCTION OF STATUTES

 

Sec.

1921.  Legislative intent controls.

1922.  Presumptions in ascertaining legislative intent.

1923.  Grammar and punctuation of statutes.

1924.  Construction of titles, preambles, provisos, exceptions and headings.

1925.  Constitutional construction of statutes.

1926.  Presumption against retroactive effect.

1927.  Construction of uniform laws.

1928.  Rule of strict and liberal construction.

1929.  Penalties no bar to civil remedies.

1930.  Penalties for each offense.

1931.  Intent to defraud.

1932.  Statutes in pari materia.

1933.  Particular controls general.

1934.  Irreconcilable clauses in the same statute.

1935.  Irreconcilable statutes passed by same General Assembly.

1936.  Irreconcilable statutes passed by different General Assemblies.

1937.  References to statutes and regulations.

1938.  References to public bodies and public officers.

1939.  Use of comments and reports.

§ 1921.  Legislative intent controls.

(a)  Object and scope of construction of statutes.--The object of all interpretation and construction of statutes is to ascertain and effectuate the intention of the General Assembly. Every statute shall be construed, if possible, to give effect to all its provisions.

(b)  Unambiguous words control construction.--When the words of a statute are clear and free from all ambiguity, the letter of it is not to be disregarded under the pretext of pursuing its spirit.

(c)  Matters considered in ascertaining intent.--When the words of a statute are not explicit, the intention of the General Assembly may be ascertained by considering, among other matters:

(1)  The occasion and necessity for the statute.

(2)  The circumstances under which it was enacted.

(3)  The mischief to be remedied.

(4)  The object to be attained.

(5)  The former law, if any, including other statutes upon the same or similar subjects.

(6)  The consequences of a particular interpretation.

(7)  The contemporaneous legislative history.

(8)  Legislative and administrative interpretations of such statute.

§ 1922.  Presumptions in ascertaining legislative intent.

In ascertaining the intention of the General Assembly in the enactment of a statute the following presumptions, among others, may be used:

(1)  That the General Assembly does not intend a result that is absurd, impossible of execution or unreasonable.

(2)  That the General Assembly intends the entire statute to be effective and certain.

(3)  That the General Assembly does not intend to violate the Constitution of the United States or of this Commonwealth.

(4)  That when a court of last resort has construed the language used in a statute, the General Assembly in subsequent statutes on the same subject matter intends the same construction to be placed upon such language.

(5)  That the General Assembly intends to favor the public interest as against any private interest.

§ 1923.  Grammar and punctuation of statutes.

(a)  Grammatical errors and transposition of words.--Grammatical errors shall not vitiate a statute. A transposition of words and clauses may be resorted to where a sentence is without meaning as it stands.

(b)  Use of punctuation in construction.--In no case shall the punctuation of a statute control or affect the intention of the General Assembly in the enactment thereof but punctuation may be used to aid in the construction thereof if the statute was finally enacted after December 31, 1964.

(c)  Adding words for proper construction.--Words and phrases which may be necessary to the proper interpretation of a statute and which do not conflict with its obvious purpose and intent, nor in any way affect its scope and operation, may be added in the construction thereof.

(Dec. 10, 1974, P.L.816, No.271, eff. imd.)

 

1974 Amendment.  Act 271 amended subsec. (b).

§ 1924.  Construction of titles, preambles, provisos, exceptions and headings.

The title and preamble of a statute may be considered in the construction thereof. Provisos shall be construed to limit rather than to extend the operation of the clauses to which they refer. Exceptions expressed in a statute shall be construed to exclude all others. The headings prefixed to titles, parts, articles, chapters, sections and other divisions of a statute shall not be considered to control but may be used to aid in the construction thereof.

 

Cross References.  Section 1924 is referred to in section 1107 of Title 13 (Commercial Code).

§ 1925.  Constitutional construction of statutes.

The provisions of every statute shall be severable. If any provision of any statute or the application thereof to any person or circumstance is held invalid, the remainder of the statute, and the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances, shall not be affected thereby, unless the court finds that the valid provisions of the statute are so essentially and inseparably connected with, and so depend upon, the void provision or application, that it cannot be presumed the General Assembly would have enacted the remaining valid provisions without the void one; or unless the court finds that the remaining valid provisions, standing alone, are incomplete and are incapable of being executed in accordance with the legislative intent.

§ 1926.  Presumption against retroactive effect.

No statute shall be construed to be retroactive unless clearly and manifestly so intended by the General Assembly.

§ 1927.  Construction of uniform laws.

Statutes uniform with those of other states shall be interpreted and construed to effect their general purpose to make uniform the laws of those states which enact them.

§ 1928.  Rule of strict and liberal construction.

(a)  Statutes in derogation of common law.--The rule that statutes in derogation of the common law are to be strictly construed, shall have no application to the statutes of this Commonwealth enacted finally after September 1, 1937.

(b)  Provisions subject to strict construction.--All provisions of a statute of the classes hereafter enumerated shall be strictly construed:

(1)  Penal provisions.

(2)  Retroactive provisions.

(3)  Provisions imposing taxes.

(4)  Provisions conferring the power of eminent domain.

(5)  Provisions exempting persons and property from taxation.

(6)  Provisions exempting property from the power of eminent domain.

(7)  Provisions decreasing the jurisdiction of a court of record.

(8)  Provisions enacted finally prior to September 1, 1937 which are in derogation of the common law.

(c)  Provisions subject to liberal construction.--All other provisions of a statute shall be liberally construed to effect their objects and to promote justice.

§ 1929.  Penalties no bar to civil remedies.

The provision in any statute for a penalty or forfeiture for its violation shall not be construed to deprive an injured person of the right to recover from the offender damages sustained by reason of the violation of such statute.

§ 1930.  Penalties for each offense.

Whenever a penalty or forfeiture is provided for the violation of a statute, such penalty or forfeiture shall be construed to be for each such violation.

§ 1931.  Intent to defraud.

Whenever an intent to defraud is required in any statute in order to constitute an offense, the statute shall be construed to require only an intent to defraud any person or body politic.

§ 1932.  Statutes in pari materia.

(a)  Meaning.--Statutes or parts of statutes are in pari materia when they relate to the same persons or things or to the same class of persons or things.

(b)  Construction.--Statutes in pari materia shall be construed together, if possible, as one statute.

§ 1933.  Particular controls general.

Whenever a general provision in a statute shall be in conflict with a special provision in the same or another statute, the two shall be construed, if possible, so that effect may be given to both. If the conflict between the two provisions is irreconcilable, the special provisions shall prevail and shall be construed as an exception to the general provision, unless the general provision shall be enacted later and it shall be the manifest intention of the General Assembly that such general provision shall prevail.

 

Cross References.  Section 1933 is referred to in section 1934 of this title; section 9303 of Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure).

§ 1934.  Irreconcilable clauses in the same statute.

Except as provided in section 1933 of this title (relating to particular controls general), whenever, in the same statute, several clauses are irreconcilable, the clause last in order of date or position shall prevail.

§ 1935.  Irreconcilable statutes passed by same General Assembly.

Whenever the provisions of two or more statutes enacted finally during the same General Assembly are irreconcilable, the statute latest in date of final enactment, and where two or more irreconcilable statutes are enacted finally on the same date, the statute bearing the highest number, in either case irrespective of its effective date, shall prevail from the time it becomes effective except as otherwise provided in section 1952 of this title (relating to effect of separate amendments on code provisions enacted by same General Assembly) and section 1974 of this title (relating to effect of separate repeals on code provisions by same General Assembly).

 

Cross References.  Section 1935 is referred to in section 1955 of this title.

§ 1936.  Irreconcilable statutes passed by different General Assemblies.

Whenever the provisions of two or more statutes enacted finally by different General Assemblies are irreconcilable, the statute latest in date of final enactment shall prevail.

 

Cross References.  Section 1936 is referred to in section 1955 of this title.

§ 1937.  References to statutes and regulations.

(a)  General rule.--A reference in a statute to a statute or to a regulation issued by a public body or public officer includes the statute or regulation with all amendments and supplements thereto and any new statute or regulation substituted for such statute or regulation, as in force at the time of application of the provision of the statute in which such reference is made, unless the specific language or the context of the reference in the provision clearly includes only the statute or regulation as in force on the effective date of the statute in which such reference is made.

(b)  Applicability of section.--The provisions of subsection (a) of this section shall apply to every statute finally enacted on or after July 1, 1971.

§ 1938.  References to public bodies and public officers.

A reference in a statute to a governmental agency, department, board, commission or other public body or to a public officer includes an entity or officer which succeeds to substantially the same functions as those performed by such public body or officer on the effective date of the statute, unless the specific language or the context of the reference in the statute clearly includes only the public body or officer on the effective date of the statute.

§ 1939.  Use of comments and reports.

The comments or report of the commission, committee, association or other entity which drafted a statute may be consulted in the construction or application of the original provisions of the statute if such comments or report were published or otherwise generally available prior to the consideration of the statute by the General Assembly, but the text of the statute shall control in the event of conflict between its text and such comments or report.

 

 

SUBCHAPTER C

AMENDATORY STATUTES

 

Sec.

1951.  Interpretation of amendatory statutes.

1952.  Effect of separate amendments on code provisions enacted by same General Assembly.

1953.  Construction of amendatory statutes.

1954.  Merger of subsequent amendments.

1955.  Two or more amendments to same provision, one overlooking the other.

1956.  Repeal of amendatory statutes and original statutes     subsequently amended.

1957.  Ineffective provisions not revived by reenactment in     amendatory statutes.

§ 1951.  Interpretation of amendatory statutes.

In ascertaining the correct reading, status and interpretation of an amendatory statute, the matter inserted within brackets shall be omitted, and the matter in italics or underscored shall be read and interpreted as part of the statute.

§ 1952.  Effect of separate amendments on code provisions enacted by same General Assembly.

Whenever any existing statute, incorporated into and repealed by a code, is also amended by other legislation enacted by the same General Assembly, such separate amendment shall be construed to be in force, notwithstanding the repeal by the code of the statute such other legislation amends, and such amendment shall be construed to prevail over the corresponding provisions of the code.

 

Applicability.  Section 1952 was made inapplicable, in whole or in part, by various statutes amending the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes and amending or repealing corresponding former provisions of law. In such cases, the appendix following the particular title affected contains the provision of the statute which rendered section 1952 inapplicable.

Cross References.  Section 1952 is referred to in sections 1935, 1956 of this title.

§ 1953.  Construction of amendatory statutes.

Whenever a section or part of a statute is amended, the amendment shall be construed as merging into the original statute, become a part thereof, and replace the part amended, and the remainder of the original statute and the amendment shall be read together and viewed as one statute passed at one time; but the portions of the statute which were not altered by the amendment shall be construed as effective from the time of their original enactment, and the new provisions shall be construed as effective only from the date when the amendment became effective.

§ 1954.  Merger of subsequent amendments.

Whenever a statute has been more than once amended, the latest amendment shall be read into the original statute as previously amended and not into such statute as originally enacted. This rule applies whether or not the previous amendment is referred to and whether or not its language is incorporated in the latest amendment. If the insertions in and the deletions from the statute made by the previous amendment are not incorporated in the later, they shall nevertheless be read into the later amendment as though they had in fact been incorporated therein.

§ 1955.  Two or more amendments to same provision, one overlooking the other.

Whenever two or more amendments to the same provision of a statute are enacted at the same or different sessions, one amendment overlooking and making no reference to the other or others, the changes in the statute made by each shall be given effect and all the amendments shall be read into each other. If the changes made in the statute are to any extent in direct conflict with each other, the rules specified in section 1935 of this title (relating to irreconcilable statutes passed by same General Assembly) and section 1936 of this title (relating to irreconcilable statutes passed by different General Assemblies) shall govern. The fact that a later amendment (1) restates language of the original statute which was deleted by an earlier amendment, or (2) fails to restate language inserted by an earlier amendment, does not of itself create a conflict between the two amendments. Amendments are in conflict with each other only if the changes in the statute made by each without considering the inserts and strike-outs of the other cannot be put into operation simultaneously.

§ 1956.  Repeal of amendatory statutes and original statutes subsequently amended.

The repeal of an amendatory statute does not revive the corresponding provision or section of the original statute or of any prior amendment. Except as otherwise provided in section 1952 of this title (relating to effect of separate amendments on code provisions enacted by same General Assembly), the repeal of an original statute, or section or provision of an original statute, repeals all subsequent amendments to the original statute, or to the original section or provision, as the case may be.

§ 1957.  Ineffective provisions not revived by reenactment in amendatory statutes.

Provisions of a statute no longer effective because of having been deleted by an earlier amendment or otherwise shall not be construed as being revived by reenactment in an amendatory statute, unless it shall clearly appear by notice thereof in the title of the amendatory statute that the General Assembly intended to revive such provisions.

 

 

SUBCHAPTER D

REENACTMENTS

 

Sec.

1961.  Effect of reenactment on original statute.

1962.  Repeal and reenactment.

1963.  Effect of reenactment on intervening statutes.

§ 1961.  Effect of reenactment on original statute.

Whenever a statute reenacts a former statute, the provisions common to both statutes shall date from their first adoption. Such provisions only of the former statute as are omitted from the reenactment shall be deemed abrogated, and only the new or changed provisions shall be deemed to be the law from the effective date of the reenactment.

§ 1962.  Repeal and reenactment.

Whenever a statute is repealed and its provisions are at the same time reenacted in the same or substantially the same terms by the repealing statute, the earlier statute shall be construed as continued in active operation. All rights and liabilities incurred under such earlier statute are preserved and may be enforced.

§ 1963.  Effect of reenactment on intervening statutes.

A statute which reenacts the provisions of an earlier statute shall not be construed to repeal an intermediate statute which modified but did not effect an amendment to such earlier statute. Such intermediate statute shall be construed to remain in force and to modify the reenactment in the same manner as it modified the earlier statute.

 

 

SUBCHAPTER E

REPEALING STATUTES

 

Sec.

1971.  Implied repeal by later statute.

1972.  Nonexistence of reason for statute does not effect repeal.

1973.  No implied repeal by nonuser.

1974.  Effect of separate repeals on code provisions by same General Assembly.

1975.  Effect of repeal on limitations.

1976.  Effect of repeal on rights, et cetera.

1977.  Repeal does not revive repealed statute.

1978.  Repeal as obsolete does not affect substantive rights.

§ 1971.  Implied repeal by later statute.

(a)  Revision or exclusive system covering entire subject.--Whenever a statute purports to be a revision of all statutes upon a particular subject, or sets up a general or exclusive system covering the entire subject matter of a former statute and is intended as a substitute for such former statute, such statute shall be construed to supply and therefore to repeal all former statutes upon the same subject.

(b)  Uniform mandatory system covering class of subjects.--Whenever a general statute purports to establish a uniform and mandatory system covering a class of subjects, such statute shall be construed to supply and therefore to repeal pre-existing local or special statutes on the same class of subjects.

(c)  Other cases.--In all other cases, a later statute shall not be construed to supply or repeal an earlier statute unless the two statutes are irreconcilable.

§ 1972.  Nonexistence of reason for statute does not effect repeal.

A statute shall not be deemed repealed because the reason for its passage no longer exists.

§ 1973.  No implied repeal by nonuser.

A statute shall not be deemed repealed by failure to use such statute.

§ 1974.  Effect of separate repeals on code provisions by same General Assembly.

Whenever a statute repeals any provision of another statute incorporated into a code adopted by the same General Assembly, the statute repealing the provision so incorporated into the code shall be construed to effect a repeal of the corresponding provision of the code.

 

Applicability.  Section 1974 was made inapplicable, in whole or in part, by various statutes amending the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes and amending or repealing corresponding former provisions of law. In such cases, the appendix following the particular title affected contains the provision of the statute which rendered section 1974 inapplicable.

Cross References.  Section 1974 is referred to in section 1935 of this title.

§ 1975.  Effect of repeal on limitations.

Whenever a limitation or period of time, prescribed in any statute for acquiring a right or barring a remedy, or for any other purpose, has begun to run before a statute repealing such statute takes effect, and the same or any other limitation is prescribed in any other statute passed by the same General Assembly, the time which has already run shall be deemed part of the time prescribed as such limitation in such statute passed by the same General Assembly.

§ 1976.  Effect of repeal on rights, et cetera.

(a)  Existing rights and pending actions.--The repeal of any civil provisions of a statute shall not affect or impair any act done, or right existing or accrued, or affect any civil action pending to enforce any right under the authority of the statute repealed. Such action may be proceeded with and concluded under the statutes in existence when such action was instituted, notwithstanding the repeal of such statutes, or such action may be proceeded with and concluded under the provisions of the new statute, if any, enacted.

(b)  Existence of private corporation.--The repeal of any statute shall not affect the corporate existence of any private corporation created by or incorporated under such statute.

§ 1977.  Repeal does not revive repealed statute.

The repeal of a repealing statute shall not be construed to revive the statute originally repealed.

§ 1978.  Repeal as obsolete does not affect substantive rights.

Whenever a statute which created a personal or property right in derogation of the common law is repealed as obsolete or by a code which does not contain an express provision with respect to such personal or property right, the repeal shall not be construed to revive the prior inconsistent common law rule, but such repeal shall be construed as a recognition by the General Assembly that such personal or property right has been received into and has become a part of the common law of this Commonwealth.

 

 

SUBCHAPTER F

DEFINITIONS OF WORDS AND PHRASES

 

Sec.

1991.  Definitions.

§ 1991.  Definitions.

The following words and phrases, when used in any statute finally enacted on or after September 1, 1937, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, shall have the meanings given to them in this section:

"Action."  Any suit or proceeding in any court of this Commonwealth.

"Administrator."  A fiduciary appointed under authority of law by a register of wills or court to administer the estate of a decedent.

"Adult."  An individual 21 years of age or over.

"Aeronautics."  The art and science of transportation by aircraft including the facilities connected therewith.

"Affidavit."  A statement in writing of a fact or facts signed by the party making it, sworn to or affirmed before an officer authorized by the laws of this Commonwealth to take acknowledgments of deeds, or authorized to administer oaths, or before the particular officer or individual designated by law as the one before whom it is to or may be taken, and officially certified to in the case of an officer under his seal of office.

"Aircraft."  Any contrivance used or designated for navigation of, or flight in, or to ascent into, the air, except a parachute or other contrivance designed and used primarily as safety equipment.

"Airman."  Any member of a crew of an aircraft.

"Airport."  Any place, either water or land, which is designed and used for the taking off and landing of aircraft including the facilities connected therewith.

"Almshouse."  The county home, poorhouse, home for the destitute, or any other building or place, by whatever title designated where poor persons are maintained at the public expense.

"Apiary."  Any place where one or more colonies or nuclei of bees are kept.

"As now provided by law."  A reference to the laws in force at the time when the statute containing the phrase was finally enacted.

"As provided by law."  A reference to the laws in force at the particular time when the statute containing the phrase is applied.

"Association."

(1)  When used in any statute finally enacted before December 7, 1994, any form of unincorporated enterprise owned by two or more persons other than a partnership or limited partnership.

(2)  When used in any statute finally enacted on or after December 7, 1994, an association as defined in 15 Pa.C.S. § 102 (relating to definitions).

"Attorney at law."  An individual admitted to practice law by a court of record of this Commonwealth.

"Attorney of record."  An attorney at law who is entered on the docket or record of a court as appearing for or representing a party in a legal proceeding.

"Bequeath."  Includes devise.

"Bequest."  Includes devise and legacy.

"Blighted property."  The term includes:

(1)  A premises:

(i)  ascertained to be a public nuisance due to physical condition or use and regarded as such at common law and deemed to be a danger to public health, safety and welfare or public nuisance as regulated by a locally adopted property maintenance code or, if no such code exists, any compatible code enacted by the act of November 10, 1999 (P.L.491, No.45), known as the Pennsylvania Construction Code Act; or

(ii)  the condition of which contains an attractive nuisance created by physical condition, use or occupancy, including abandoned water wells, shafts, basements, excavations and unsafe fences or other structures, or which contains an unauthorized entry, unsafe equipment or other safety risk.

(2)  A dwelling that has been condemned or otherwise deemed unfit for occupancy or use by the local authority having jurisdiction due to dilapidated, unsanitary, unsafe or vermin-infested condition or that is lacking in the facilities and equipment as required by the Pennsylvania Construction Code Act.

(3)  A structure determined by the local authority having jurisdiction to be a fire hazard or otherwise that could easily catch fire or cause a fire and endanger public health, safety and welfare.

(4)  A vacant or unimproved lot or parcel of ground located in a predominantly developed neighborhood that has become a place for the accumulation of trash and debris or a haven for rodents and other vermin by reason of neglect or lack of maintenance.

(5)  A property that is vacant and has not been rehabilitated within one year from receipt of notice for corrective action as issued by the local authority having jurisdiction, except a property where a valid construction permit is in place.

(6)  A vacant or unimproved lot or parcel of ground that is subject to a municipal lien for the cost of demolition of a structure previously located on the property and for which no payments on the lien have been made for a period of 12 months.

(7)  A vacant or unimproved lot or parcel of ground on which the total municipal liens for delinquent real estate and property tax or any other type of municipal claim are greater than 150% of the fair market value of the property as established by the board of assessment appeals or other body with legal authority to determine the taxable value of the property.

(8)  A property that has been declared abandoned in writing by the owner, including an estate that is in possession of the property.

"Bond."

(1)  An unconditional written undertaking under seal for the payment of money, or

(2)  a conditional written acknowledgment of being bound for the payment of money, to become void or effective on the performance of any act or the occurrence of any event therein expressed.

"Bridge."  Includes the actual bridge and the approaches thereto, and the substructures and superstructures of both.

"Bulletin."  When used in any statute finally enacted on or after July 31, 1968, the Pennsylvania Bulletin established by the Commonwealth Documents Law.

"Certified public accountant."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice as a certified public accountant.

"Child" or "children."  Includes children by birth or adoption.

"Commission merchant."  One who receives consignments of personal property to be sold for a commission or other compensation.

"Commonwealth."  The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

"Convict."  An individual who has been finally convicted of an indictable offense and is serving sentence in a penal institution.

"Creditor."  One to whom the performance of an obligation is owed.

"Crime."  Any indictable offense.

"Crosswalk."  That portion of a highway at an intersection, or any portion of a highway, clearly indicated for pedestrian crossing by lines or other markings on the surface.

"Day."  The time from midnight to the next midnight.

"Debtor."  One who owes to another the performance of an obligation.

"Decedent."  Either a testator or person dying intestate.

"Dental hygienist."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice as a dental hygienist.

"Dentist."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice dentistry.

"Devise."  Includes bequeath when used as a verb and bequest and legacy when used as a noun.

"Devisee."  Includes legatee.

"Doctor of medicine."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to engage in the practice of medicine and surgery in all its branches.

"Domestic animal."  Any equine animal, bovine animal, sheep, goat and pig.

"Effects."  Includes all personal property and any interest therein.

"Executor."  A fiduciary named in a will to execute its provisions and administer the estate of the testator.

"Factor."  One who receives consignments of personal property to be sold for a commission or other compensation.

"Farm product."  Any agricultural, horticultural, vegetable, fruit, and floricultural product of the soil, livestock and meats, wool, hides, poultry, eggs, dairy products, nuts, mushrooms and honey.

"Fiduciary."  An executor, administrator, guardian, committee, receiver, trustee, assignee for the benefit of creditors, and any other person acting in any similar capacity.

"Final enactment" or "enacted finally."  The time when the procedure required by the Constitution of Pennsylvania for the enactment of a bill has been complied with.

"Fiscal year."  The year by or for which accounts are reckoned.

"Funeral director."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth as a funeral director.

"General election."  The election held biennially on the Tuesday next following the first Monday of November in each even-numbered year.

"Grantee."  One to whom any estate or interest in real property other than a leasehold passes by conveyance.

"Grantor."  One from or by whom any estate or interest in real property other than a leasehold passes by conveyance.

"Guardian."  A fiduciary who legally has the care and management of the person, or the estate, or both, of another under legal disability.

"Guardian ad litem."  A fiduciary who is appointed to represent in legal proceedings another under legal disability.

"Healing art."  The science of diagnosis and treatment in any manner whatsoever of disease or any ailment of the human body.

"Hereafter."  A reference to the time after the time when the statute containing such word takes effect.

"Heretofore."  A reference to the time previous to the time when the statute containing such word takes effect.

"Highway."  A way or place of whatever nature open to the use of the public as a matter of right for purposes of vehicular traffic.

"Individual."  A natural person.

"Insane person."  An individual of unsound mind.

"Intersection."  The area embraced within the prolongation of the lateral boundary lines of two or more highways which join one another at an angle whether or not one such highway crosses the other.

"Issue."  As applied to the descent of estates, means all lawful, lineal descendants of a common ancestor.

"Judicial sale."  A sale conducted by an officer or person authorized for the purpose by some competent tribunal.

"Legacy."  Includes devise and bequest.

"Legatee."  Includes devisee.

"Legislature."  The General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

"Licensed practical nurse."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice practical nursing.

"Local authority."  When used in any statute finally enacted on or after January 1, 1975, a municipal authority or any other body corporate and politic created by one or more political subdivisions pursuant to statute.

"Lunatic."  An individual of unsound mind.

"Majority."  When used in reference to age, means of the age of 21 years or over.

"Medicine and surgery."  The art and science having for their object the cure of diseases of and the preservation of the health of man, including all practice of the healing art with or without drugs, except healing by spiritual means or prayer.

"Midwife."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice midwifery.

"Minor."  An individual under the age of 21 years.

"Money."  Lawful money of the United States.

"Month."  A calendar month.

"Motor boat."  Any boat propelled by any type of internal combustion motor.

"Motorcycle."  Any vehicle of the bicycle or tricycle type operated by any type of internal combustion motor.

"Motor vehicle."  Any self-propelled device in, upon or by which any person or property is or may be transported or drawn upon a public highway, except tractors, power shovels, road machinery, agricultural machinery, and vehicles which move upon or are guided by a track or trolley.

"Municipality authority" or "municipal authority."  A body corporate and politic created pursuant to the Municipality Authorities Act of 1935 or to the Municipality Authorities Act of 1945.

"Municipal corporation."

(1)  When used in any statute finally enacted on or before December 31, 1974, a city, borough or incorporated town.

(2)  When used in any statute finally enacted on or after January 1, 1975, a city, borough, incorporated town or township.

"Municipal election."  The election held on the Tuesday next following the first Monday in November in each odd-numbered year.

"Municipality."

(1)  When used in any statute finally enacted on or before December 31, 1974, a city, borough or incorporated town.

(2)  When used in any statute finally enacted on or after January 1, 1975, a county, city, borough, incorporated town or township.

"Nighttime."  The time from sunset to sunrise.

"Non compos mentis."  Of unsound mind.

"Notary."  A notary public.

"Now."  In any provision of a statute referring to other laws in force, or to persons in office, or to any facts or circumstances as existing, relates to the laws in force, or to the persons in office, or to the facts or circumstances existing, respectively, on the effective date of such provision.

"Oath."  Includes affirmation.

"Optometrist."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice optometry.

"Osteopath."  A physician licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice osteopathy.

"Osteopathic surgeon."  A physician licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice osteopathy and osteopathic surgery.

"Parking."  Suffering a vehicle to stand on any highway while not actually engaged in a traffic movement nor in taking up or setting down passengers or merchandise.

"Pedestrian."  An individual afoot.

"Person."  Includes a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business trust, other association, government entity (other than the Commonwealth), estate, trust, foundation or natural person.

"Personal representative."  The executor or administrator of a decedent.

"Pharmacist."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice as a pharmacist.

"Physician."

(1)  When used in any statute finally enacted on or before April 6, 1951, an individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to engage in the practice of medicine and surgery in any or all of its branches;

(2)  when used in any statute finally enacted on or after April 7, 1951 and on or before June 14, 1957, an individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to engage in the practice of medicine and surgery in any or in all of its branches within the scope of the act of June 3, 1911 (P.L.639, No.246) relating to medicine and surgery and its amendments, or in the practice of osteopathy or osteopathic surgery within the scope of the act of March 19, 1909 (P.L.46, No.29) and its amendments;

(3)  when used in any statute finally enacted on or after June 15, 1957 and on or before July 19, 1974, an individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to engage in the practice of medicine and surgery in all of its branches within the scope of the act of June 3, 1911 (P.L.639, No.246) relating to medicine and surgery and its amendments, or in the practice of osteopathy or osteopathic surgery within the scope of the act of March 19, 1909 (P.L.46, No.29) and its amendments;

(4)  when used in any statute finally enacted on or after July 20, 1974 and on or before October 7, 1978, an individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to engage in the practice of medicine and surgery in all its branches within the scope of the act of July 20, 1974 (P.L.551, No.190), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1974, and its amendments, or in the practice of osteopathy or osteopathic surgery within the scope of the prior provisions of the act of March 19, 1909 (P.L.46, No.29), referred to as the Osteopathic Practice Law, and its amendments; and

(5)  when used in any statute finally enacted on or after October 5, 1978, an individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to engage in the practice of medicine and surgery in all its branches within the scope of the act of July 20, 1974 (P.L.551, No.190), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1974, and its amendments, or in the practice of osteopathic medicine and surgery within the scope of the act of October 5, 1978 (P.L.1109, No.261), known as the Osteopathic Medical Practice Act, and its amendments. To the extent that any statute imposes duties upon or grants powers to the State Board of Medical Education and Licensure relating to an individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to engage in the practice of osteopathic medicine and surgery, such statute shall be construed to impose such duties upon and grant such power to the State Board of Osteopathic Medical Examiners, which board shall exercise such duties or powers in accordance with the Osteopathic Medical Practice Act.

"Political subdivision."  Any county, city, borough, incorporated town, township, school district, vocational school district and county institution district.

"Poultry."  Includes all domestic fowl.

"Primary election."  Any election at which the members of qualified political parties nominate their candidates for public office.

"Professional engineer."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice as a professional engineer.

"Property."  Includes both real and personal property.

"Publish" or "published."  As applied to the publication of a newspaper of general circulation means the place where such newspaper is originally issued and circulated.

"Real estate broker."  One licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to act as a real estate broker.

"Real estate salesman."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to act as a real estate salesman.

"Registered architect."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice architecture.

"Registered mail."  When used in any statute finally enacted before or after September 1, 1937, includes certified mail.

"Registered nurse."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice professional nursing.

"Safety zone."  The area or space officially set aside within a highway for the use of pedestrians.

"Signature."  Includes mark when the individual cannot write, his name being written near it, and witnessed by another who writes his own name.

"Special election."  Any election authorized by law, other than a general, municipal or primary election.

"State."  When used in reference to the different parts of the United States, includes the District of Columbia and the several territories of the United States.

"Statute."  An act of the General Assembly, whether under the authority of the Commonwealth or of the late Proprietaries of the Province of Pennsylvania.

"Surveyor."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice land surveying.

"Sworn."  Includes affirmed.

"Trustee."  One in whom some estate, interest or power in or affecting property of any description is vested for the benefit of another.

"Undertaker."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice as an undertaker, undertaker and embalmer, embalmer, funeral director or mortician.

"Vehicle."  A conveyance in or on which persons or property may be carried.

"Verified."  When used in reference to writings, means supported by oath or affirmation.

"Veterinarian."  An individual licensed under the laws of this Commonwealth to practice veterinary medicine and surgery.

"Will."  Includes codicil.

"Written."  Every legible representation of letters or numerals upon a material substance, except when used in reference to the signature of an instrument.

"Year."  A calendar year.

(Dec. 10, 1974, P.L.816, No.271, eff. imd.; July 9, 1976, P.L.877, No.160, eff. 60 days; Dec. 18, 1984, P.L.1057, No.207, eff. imd.; Dec. 18, 1992, P.L.1333, No.169, eff. 60 days; Dec. 7, 1994, P.L.703, No.106, eff. 60 days; Nov. 7, 2019, P.L.611, No.79, eff. 60 days)

 

2019 Amendment.  Act 79 added the def. of "blighted property."

1994 Amendment.  Act 106 amended the defs. of "association" and "person."

1992 Amendment.  Act 169 amended the intro. par. and the def. of "person."

1984 Amendment.  Act 207 amended the def. of "physician," retroactive to June 11, 1982.

1976 Amendment.  Act 160 added the def. of "registered mail."

1974 Amendment.  Act 271 added the def. of "local authority" and amended the defs. of "municipal corporation" and "municipality."

References in Text.  The act of June 3, 1911 (P.L.639, No.246), referred to in the definition of "physician," was repealed by the act of July 20, 1974 (P.L.551, No.190), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1974. The Medical Practice Act of 1974 was repealed by the act of December 20, 1985 (P.L.457, No.112), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1985.

The act of March 19, 1909 (P.L.46, No.29), referred to in the definition of "physician," was repealed by the act of October 5, 1978 (P.L.1109, No.261), known as the Osteopathic Medical Practice Act.

The act of July 20, 1974 (P.L.551, No.190), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1974, referred to in the definition of "physician," was repealed by the act of December 20, 1985 (P.L.457, No.112), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1985.

Cross References.  Section 1991 is referred to in section 1189 of Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns); section 6109 of Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses); section 5902 of Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries); section 102 of Title 34 (Game); section 8401 of Title 53 (Municipalities Generally).

 

 

PART VI

IMPLEMENTATION OF CONSTITUTIONAL PROVISIONS

 

Chapter

23.  Implementation of Constitutional Provisions

 

Enactment.  Part VI was added September 28, 1978, P.L.788, No.152, effective immediately.

 

 

CHAPTER 23

IMPLEMENTATION OF CONSTITUTIONAL PROVISIONS

 

Sec.

2301.  Equality of rights based on sex.

2310.  Sovereign immunity reaffirmed; specific waiver.

 

Enactment.  Chapter 23 was added September 28, 1978, P.L.788, No.152, effective immediately.

§ 2301.  Equality of rights based on sex.

(a)  General rule.--In recognition of the adoption of section 28 of Article I of the Constitution of Pennsylvania, it is hereby declared to be the intent of the General Assembly that where in any statute heretofore enacted there is a designation restricted to a single sex, the designation shall be deemed to refer to both sexes unless the designation does not operate to deny or abridge equality of rights under the law of this Commonwealth because of the sex of the individual.

(b)  Public appointments.--All references to sex in requirements for appointments to public agencies or public positions shall be construed to require appointment without reference to sex. However where the legislative intent is expressed that both men and women shall serve on a public agency or in public positions, the agency or positions shall not be composed of a membership wholly of one sex.

(c)  Employment benefits.--Where employment benefits authorized by statute, including pensions, death or disability payments or other similar benefits, are to be paid upon the death or disability of the employee, any designation of beneficiary which is restricted to a single sex shall be deemed a reference to both sexes.

(d)  Other employment rights.--All other statutes affecting employment which contain a designation restricted to one sex shall be deemed to refer to both sexes unless the designation does not operate to deny or abridge equality of rights.

(Oct. 4, 1978, P.L.909, No.173, eff. 60 days)

 

1978 Amendment.  Act 173 added section 2301. See section 8 of Act 173 in the appendix to this title for special provisions relating to transition provisions on employment benefits.

§ 2310.  Sovereign immunity reaffirmed; specific waiver.

Pursuant to section 11 of Article I of the Constitution of Pennsylvania, it is hereby declared to be the intent of the General Assembly that the Commonwealth, and its officials and employees acting within the scope of their duties, shall continue to enjoy sovereign immunity and official immunity and remain immune from suit except as the General Assembly shall specifically waive the immunity. When the General Assembly specifically waives sovereign immunity, a claim against the Commonwealth and its officials and employees shall be brought only in such manner and in such courts and in such cases as directed by the provisions of Title 42 (relating to judiciary and judicial procedure) or 62 (relating to procurement) unless otherwise specifically authorized by statute.

(May 15, 1998, P.L.358, No.57, eff. 180 days)

 

Cross References.  Section 2310 is referred to in section 17131, 17162, 17312, 17342 of Title 16 (Counties); section 9158.5 of Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses); sections 7389, 7395, 8521 of Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure); section 1702 of Title 62 (Procurement); section 6018 of Title 64 (Public Authorities and Quasi-Public Corporations); section 1711 of Title 74 (Transportation).

 

PART VII

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

 

Chapter

31.  Board of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws

 

Enactment.  Part VII was added October 30, 2001, P.L.815, No.79, effective immediately.

 

CHAPTER 31

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS ON UNIFORM STATE LAWS

 

Sec.

3101.  Definitions.

3102.  Board established.

3103.  Powers and duties.

 

Enactment.  Chapter 31 was added October 30, 2001, P.L.815, No.79, effective immediately.

Continuation of Commissioners.  Section 3 of Act 79 of 2001 provided that members of the Board of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws on the effective date of Act 79 shall continue as commissioners for the balance of their terms.

§ 3101.  Definitions.

The following words and phrases when used in this chapter shall have the meanings given to them in this section:

"Board."  The Board of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws.

§ 3102.  Board established.

(a)  Establishment.--The Board of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws is reestablished within the Office of General Counsel.

(b)  Composition.--The board shall be composed of nine commissioners learned in the law:

(1)  The Governor shall appoint three commissioners.

(2)  The President pro tempore of the Senate shall appoint one commissioner.

(3)  The Speaker of the House of Representatives shall appoint one commissioner.

(4)  The Minority Leader of the Senate shall appoint one commissioner.

(5)  The Minority Leader of the House of Representatives shall appoint one commissioner.

(6)  The Attorney General shall serve as an ex officio commissioner.

(7)  The General Counsel shall serve as an ex officio commissioner.

(c)  Terms.--

(1)  A commissioner under subsection (b)(1) shall serve a term of four years, calculated from the date of appointment.

(2)  A commissioner under subsection (b)(2), (3), (4) or (5) shall serve at the pleasure of the appointing authority.

(d)  Officers.--The General Counsel shall serve as chairman of the board.

(e)  Quorum.--Five commissioners constitute a quorum.

§ 3103.  Powers and duties.

The board has the following powers and duties:

(1)  To examine subjects it deems necessary.

(2)  To ascertain the best means to effect an assimilation and uniformity of state legislation throughout the United States on the subjects examined under paragraph (1).

(3)  To meet with the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws, at annual and other sessions, to:

(i)  promote uniformity of state legislation in the United States; and

(ii)  join the conference in measures deemed most expedient to advance the objective of paragraphs (1) and (2).

 

 

APPENDIX TO TITLE 1

GENERAL PROVISIONS

 

 

-------

Supplementary Provisions of Amendatory Statutes

-------

 

 

1970, NOVEMBER 25, P.L.707, NO.230

 

Title, enacting clause, etc.

 

AN ACT

 

Codifying and compiling a part of the law of the Commonwealth.

 

The General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania hereby enacts as follows:

 

In order to facilitate the codification and compiling of the law of this Commonwealth, as authorized by section 3 of Article III of the Constitution of Pennsylvania, the following structure, which shall be implemented from time to time hereafter by appropriate amendments to this act, is hereby established:

 

TITLE 1

GENERAL PROVISIONS

* * *

 

1974, June 17, P.L.330, NO.107

 

§ 5.  Repeal and suspension of inconsistent laws.

All acts and parts of acts are repealed in so far as they are inconsistent with the provisions of this act and shall be suspended to the extent and for the period of time they are inconsistent with any concurrent resolution adopted thereunder.

 

References in Text.  Section 501 of Title 1, added by Act 107, provides for a concurrent resolution of the General Assembly relating to the publication and distribution of laws.

 

§ 6.  Editing statutes for printing.

The provisions of section 3 of this act shall apply to bills enacted into law but not finally prepared for printing prior to the effective date of this act and shall apply to an official publication of the Pennsylvania Consolidated States pursuant to section 2 of this act issued after the effective date of this act.

 

References in Text.  Section 3 of Act 107 amended sections 1101, 1104 and 1105 of Title 1 and section 2 of Act 107 added Chapter 5 of Title 1.

 

 

1974, DECEMBER 10, P.L.816, No.271

 

§ 6.  Editorial change in form of citing statutes.

The Director of the Legislative Reference Bureau, in preparing statutes for printing, may change the form of citation in bills enacted into law prior or subsequent to the effective date of this act, and in reenacting provisions of existing statutes for purposes of amendment and in preparing an official publication of the Consolidated Statutes, may change the form of citation in such statutes without the use of brackets and underscoring, to conform to the amendments to sections 101 and 102 of Title 1 contained in section 1 of this act. In such cases, the approvals and notations required by 1 Pa.C.S. § 1105 (relating to editing statutes for printing) shall not be required.

 

 

1978, October 4, P.L.909, NO.173

 

§ 8.  Transition provisions on employment benefits.

(a)  General rule.--The provisions of 1 Pa.C.S. § 2301(c) (relating to employment benefits) shall not apply to a benefit plan or program in existence on the effective date of this act if the employer:

(1)  determines after an actuarial review that the application of such provisions to the plan or program will render the plan or program actuarially unsound;

(2)  files a written statement of such determination, together with the relevant data or a summary thereof, within six months after the effective date of this act with the Department of State; and

(3)  gives appropriate notice to affected employees.

An employer who effects a filing pursuant to this section shall within one year after the effective date of this act amend the plan or program so as to conform to 1 Pa.C.S. § 2301(c) without affecting the actuarial soundness of the plan or program.

(b)  Expiration of section.--This section shall expire one year after the effective date of this act.

