*Titus' Law*

No laws past or present shall be named after persons and soft-ass-baby-ear-havin-referees shall make a diligent effort to allow their peasant subjects to speak freely assuming it is in a way that can be interpreted as respectable or at least somewhat respectable by the audience.

The limiting of parties equal, or approximately equal, custody shall be limited only to circumstances where 1,2,3 or more parties are currently incarcarated in a confinement den of the state(s), altho any ordering of any remmedial services in the best interest of the child shall be ordered upon any party besides the child assuming they do not consume more than 6% of the party's time assuming all parties have at least 6% of their time consumed with such similar or dissimilar service(s).

The divving of the trial referee's duties shall not be divvied to any non barred authority. 

No lower or higher courts shall have their discretion limited by any authority other than this 12(tWeLvE)(including this sentence) or less short-concise-sentence ammended-or-unammended-law.

Determining which legal advice to give and which legal advice to not give while advising legal advice shall not be given shall result in legal advice being given.

(Any) Party-Opponent / Party-Opponent sworn statment, hearsay, evidence, party specific filing requirments, (etc) rules and / or regulations shall be waivable by the referee given after enough back and forth pissing, moaning, and interuption; at least two parties (and / or referee(s)) of the matter can come to agree on the waiving of such, at least but not limited to 'in the interum'.  

Any laws past or present containing time / double jeopardy esque constraints shall have said elements ignored at the motioning of any participant including teh referee.

Which hearings (including crying pissing and moaning part(y)(ies) and/or their crying pissing moaning attorney/attorneys (if applicable) will be indefintely postponed until the part(y)(ies) and/or attorney and/or attorneys can speak without crying pissing and moaning) are to be of record and which hearings are to not be of record shall be a null issue given the new provision for all hearings or anything to be construed as a hearing to be of live record unless the minor child or all the minor children can convince the court otherwise in a private hearing.

The above shall apply to referee(s) too if audience vote is above 50% for three consecutive hearings in a row, regardless of referee continuity.

Judges deemed corrupt and / or lazy and / or too soft by the audience shall serve at least a one year term of 'jail-buttermeant-service' with consecutiveness being limited to a 'break' of at least three years between 'service' and also the audience shall be permitted to rate the importance of each of each of this law's sentence's however the general assembly shall maintain the power to order them regardless of their importance rating by the audience and no modifications, replacements, or deletions shall vanish.

